Speaker 1 | 00:00
However... Quite more excited, too.
Okay, guys, we're doing sprint planning for sprint four, I guess. Sprint four, right? Yeah, sprint four, because there were questionable moments that are taken. Okay, guys, here I just made sure that the language is appropriate because we are recorded. Yes, could you please turn off the light? It really confuses me.
Yeah, okay, thank you. It looks better now. Okay. My God. We similarly did not merge. Yeah, because this one is good. I checked it yesterday, it's good too. This one, and we just want to wait till Wednesday with it.
So we have one big thing. But next week... Wednesday. No, that's halfway to the next. Yes, I know. No, it is at the end of the next sprint, like the deadline we have set for the next time. Okay, let's first clear out the in-progress stuff. In progress, a list of flags you can put in review. I should be done with it. Get access to Canva, make a photo randomized available logic... Keep it in... Okay, review... Composable that you keep on progress on it and to do... Want it depends on... Okay, well, can they actually go? Will we put everything now to do? Put it in... In... Ant... Yeah, because it's on progress basically.
Okay, guys, okay, now everyone goes through. First of all, we need to go through to-do because there are some artifacts that must... Let us have... Don't put it in there. But it is that's the pull request. This one, yeah, but we don't put features like the whole features either in the backlog. They can stay in the backlog.
As long as all the tasks are done, this will automatically move to the done section. So just to turn this back... Okay, but let's go through to-do because convert photo to base 64 is in review.
I mean, I just need to merge this. Despite the photo... I mean, this was displayed but I think this will be a different task to say because I would say we just keep this in to-do because if we don't have a new... Or someone else's speed, let's just keep it this right now because we can display the photo on the map, but it doesn't make sense.
So we just need to agree on the use case where we can display the photo. I just... It is possible, it is actually possible. I want to display it on the flag. So like, on the flags? Yeah, in the profile thing or in the profile, yeah, that's like preview play.
Yeah, the display of the... Okay, yeah, I guess we can do this create review composable review compos... Who's it? Even that... That's my... What no... Was no, I was just... Who's fingers on random are they still in to-do or did you put anything in review? No. There's nothing for review to do... This one.
Okay, can you go on my feature and create a new task, which is the overwork editing logic, because this is what I'm working on right now? Overall editing logic... Yeah. Task working editing logic for the profile page... No overworking.
So but yeah, it's okay if you say it like that.
How about we record it? New work because of working on the... Sounds like I should get paid overtime for... Yeah, the thing is overworking. He translated it directly to... Okay, let's... Content rely special challenges like the fonts fired so you could do that. You mentioned being just nodding as arrangement of badges how you want I want to pin and set priority.
That is the... Click on the TAS. I think there was nothing... In short, it was about how you wanted it to have structures like a limit button. It's not like selectable by the user. Yeah, but you wanted guys you wanted to have, maybe selected and important or maybe some grading you wanted to throw in, but you weren't sure about it.
Yeah, you can put it in and you'll put something. No. Just leave it then. We're going to have to learn eventual bet models, like a model's repose controller that fails but it's... Wow, yeah, what does it do? It's for the review itself probably.
Yeah, of course, can you just adjust the title maybe because I was like, "What backend models?" But yeah, okay. Review backend months. Do we keep them in to-do or a certain progress? Do you have a certain progress on those tasks? I am working on the retrospect task currently.
Okay, but the models, like the backend stuff, I mean, I haven't created the models, so far, so... Okay, let's move on there with you. Logic to the frontend, review logic to... That's the part that I'm working on.
Okay, send... I'm talking to back and on logon. I don't know what to do because that's a feature but I think it's not for this print all back. Yeah, just accept because the feature I want to receive... Much to do that maybe but it's still okay to have it there. It's still put it in... Let it leave to do but they don't have an assigning so that's good.
Well, start talking delete events testing store... I mean but weekend.
We established a database. I did it, but it's not in the... Yet, so I've... No, leave it in to-do because I will edit the... Branch in a bit so that you... We have the... Because it's crashing the... Branch so you can't use the back then
but right now basically we work editing... Yeah, my stuff. Okay, let's go through the features. First of all, who needs to continue working on the feature they have? I think it's us three, right? Yeah, I need to
just create a pull request and that's... Say you create a pull request. So, yeah, you are done. Just accept the... No, just like, take a look through my comments. Yeah. I mean, I did this.
If I'm not mistaken... Or either... Say, if my comments are valid or... No, it's okay. Okay, yeah, I'll go through and we'll discuss this, but you're essentially done. Yes. So I guess I can pick the task.
So how many people do we have to assign a new but yet you just... How long will it take you? Because isn't... I don't know how long it takes for me because now I'm working on the editing logic. I did the front-end stuff, audio overwork, and the UI stuff.
It's just not about some logic to overwork, and maybe I'm not sure about how the flags look, but except this, it should be fine. Anything similar to what you did? Yeah, but I wanted to have a different approach because you have to click on "Edit" to enable chat as, but I won't have it automatically.
So they're always text written. You don't have to click on "Edit" to enable chat as, and they are always editable in an editable stage. You would need to update the use case. I no, I re-editing logic in the use cases, not ending because there one of the steps for the scenario is...
Yeah, I think it should be... Or did it is wrong, I forgot. But as a whole, well, I remember from the last time we had a... Was it during the hotrospector? It might have been or someone before. I thought the idea was that now we everyone just completes the use case we have currently assigned.
If you are already done, we... I thought we mentioned just working on some fixes and some as well. Yeah, you're right, but it's still that we have some features open that need to be done.
Yeah, that's true, but okay, so something... Yeah, so if Leonardo says he wants to overwork some design style and some logic, he can do it, but he could work on a new feature.
Yeah, but I was mainly saying... So it doesn't really matter. Like us three. No, just continue our use case. Yeah, we will just continue our use case. Probably then what I would like to do is maybe look into the tokens for the login that you can remember something like this.
Because Audi did... Because Audi worked on logging. Because I already worked on... Now I worked on me, so... But it's closely related. So yeah, well, I would like to do another use case because right now my use case on the one firstly has basically only my phone line, and secondly, if it's being read on for a presentation, it's been split up.
That's the whole point. So there's still the other half that you have to do. What do I have to do? Public and... Yeah, private information like email and password we do on the same page, right? No, and talk me through it. Do we want to discuss this right now or do we want to continue?
Well, let's guys, we have five minutes for it. Yeah, because he will get it. I believe in him. This is what Renee wants to build. Essentially, this is your profile, right? Your presentation of yourself in this code, right?
So this is... Yeah. What you originally worked on... This is what we have now. And he wants to do this. Then they were thinking, "Okay, you can do this kind of stuff." So you go to account, you change your personal information, that kind of thing like why is this separation of concerns unnecessary?
But this separation of concerns is not a good argument here because I... Guys focus, so that's the essential idea that they have purpose. But then why instead of you then doing the one which is not yet implemented?
So one of these pages for the public information is already made, right? No, then why? Your page is... Instead of then you making a new page and I editing the page that I've made. You can edit the page that you made. That would be just...
You are doing redoing my page. No, I did my own page. Look, we said that we were concerned whether what your page is, like an account page or profile page. Exactly, because one is how the other system is, and the one is how the system sees me.
Okay. I'll make an... I'm 5. Sure. I don't know what... Yeah, but then let's... With some features you can do. Because if I would extend the account page, if you don't want to do it, it would literally just be like, getting rid of the image and just adding a sign out and a delete button at the bottom, and then the functionality for that would be nothing. I get where he is coming as well. No, it's not. Why not?
That's... You are clearly demotivated. That's why it's not... No, not demotivated but feeling bad. Life is like feeling... Well, this is a big issue. I have no idea. I don't care. Basically, we are such a... Now I'm the low alpha... Yeah, guys, thank you.
Okay, no, okay, guys, we have to continue our features. Do we want to start with this, or do you want to start with assigning new features? I would start with assigning new features, and we have... Bunning Pock behind us.
Okay, are then three people? Well, you keep... Yeah, but we still have to describe our tasks that you have. No, they're not described yet. If you click on Task, it's not described yet. Click on Reworking Editing Logic.
For example, MD we have to add something on there. I think the others I have in mind... Though, I mean, in some I have them, but I think isn't it an individual task to write down? No, okay, what? Yeah. You have some.
But not all. Okay. Let's just assign the new task, and then we can... Okay, new features, let's go... Let's say, okay, first of all, let's just look at how many features we have left with who needs new features? 12312, we have six people.
Yeah, sorry, I fell second grade math. So beginning from this one, yes, because this one is really yes, I mean, just look at the iterations and that's it. Okay, let's just get through, okay? Customized Slack.
I mean, that's p true for sure. And I won't be able to lo in the as without having to log in again. I think. I think that we don't need to worry. As long as the application is running, we can easily.
I think that it's done like automatically because we I mean, we start the application and we lock in there, but then we go out and then we I guess we with then we can easily enter. No, we still have to look in as yes, I am hundred percent sure I can show you. Strange.
Yeah, because it requires an additional talking seconds. Okay, yeah, whatever. Okay, I want to edit as a user, I want to edit my profile's private information. So I think that this one is Williams. That's Williams STM no it's whip ros but SI will be will just tweaking your page and eing a delete and the st button or the other one one side of delete button. I'd rather, if possible, do something with backend as well.
Like an actual. Okay. Let for this. Yeah, but let's just check what we have at all because we have mainivity code. Do we keep this or do we delete this? We stuck with. That's a task GWK. So essentially these are the same, so okay, let's can be filtered the features we can no, because it's the same as the same.
Yeah, so can we, filter out the features filter features what the feature at the boss. Okay, so there's this. That's it. Serious? No, okay, I receive personnel notification and I so we have no more features.
Okay then pu let's finger let's thinking of oneonardo and I think I will get the custom I will do the customized flacks. Okay, let's think of a feature for them. You're guys. A small comment. Does this mean that we don't create any other features at all? No, we will create one for... Yeah, we create for... I think.
The last one. Yeah, the last one, and the rest one is just fine-tuning, just optimizing, just grooming. We have to groom... Not this grooming with the groom. Yes, freaky ashes language guys, professional behavior. No, but grooming is like keeping yourself clean, keeping yourself up to date. Yes, it's not... But it's...
Okay, let's focus on... Okay, let's think of a feature for... I mean that we've been seeing maybe what they want. I've been saying for a lot of time about the admin panel. Yeah, okay, but this was since the gen stuff I've been always saying, because what do you think about an admin page?
Because then you could basically extend your profile screen as a user page because we tried to split profile account page because you don't want to have the external stuff mixed with security stuff.
This was our idea. But if you're an admin, it does not matter. What do you think? We feel the same way as I sure. How did you feel? Well, not too great, that's the overall... Yeah, but the other thing is think beggars can be choosers language guys.
So would you like to work on the admin page or not? Seems like a rather second option. If there is another option... I don't... What would you prefer for another option?
That's what I'm thinking. I don't think there is. So it's the same issue as me, like finding a meaningful use case, a meaningful enough use case that I can use in the presentation. And of... But admin is meaningful. There are lots of... PA calls you can extend backend to... They are actually right even for me now in hindsight, it might have been good to just do the admin panel because it doesn't say a lot of things.
Yeah. So admin, you have to extend the backend to incorporate... Is it an admin or not an admin? So you do backend work. You will work with JW2 because you have to log in and sign up as the admins. You have to extend this as well. You have to do front-end stuff.
So redirect to a different page on the normal page for the admin page, and then on the admin page you have basically freedom to choose. Okay, what are we going to do on the admin page? Is it just a search? One? Can we search post users? Can we do both? Imagine someone... Sorry from the language, imagine if someone makes a picture of a genital. Yes, sir. Yes.
I don't think that our application tolerates these kinds of pictures. So we want... Then we can maybe make that you can flag features, that you can flag posts, that the thing... Report posts. You just have to think about how that works.
Yes. So there is a lot of freedom for you to do. So you can be as creative as you want. But before you decide on whether you want to really take the sum or not, want to check what is always thinking four steps ahead and asking his trusty companion to... It says drizzling. Do you trust to think that's drizzling? Yes.
Listen to him. Okay, so apparently we are...
Do we really believe that the machine is more creative than we are? My idea came from that thing. Yeah, but you're happy with it now and you just said you want to do admin. What we came up with just phoning that in like it's a basketball, like I'm banking that shit. Too much Red Bull, too much red.
But you cannot... That's a side thing I'm doing with the most crazy basketball player. We were doing three-pointers after, like I got the bar and it was one of those... It just seemed like the angle breaks, right that got the left and right.
It is my friend. I so try to think of the ideas. Then should we discuss the pocket plan for... Man, flag... Give it a second reader... What do we even meet up? None.
But yeah, has the same issue as... I mean, discovery and recommendation. Those might be good use cases, but the point is that we need to develop some more stuff for them. So we need to
do some extra work on that. They are not exactly independent use cases from what I see. Okay, let's go. First use case challenge and... System community and event meet up. No, Jenny stores and collections...
I mean, yeah, we are leader Boton rankings. We need... For this one for the lead bot and rankings, we need to come up with the flag and with the plaging system. I think plug...
I think the discovering recommendations is a cool task. I don't think it's a feature, I think that you just have to add something somewhere and then filter. For example, how many how often the same Google API ID you know, the same ID for a place called flagged.
Then on this you can build recommendations. But if you really want those recommendations, if you can definitely make it a feature because if you're like checks which flags you have and based on those flags, it then gives you recommendations, then that would be 100% the feature.
But I don't know what you would need because you would need to do an entire algorithm. Good luck with that. I have no clue how you would do that. Where you found algorithm and data structures here.
So like... Okay, let's... I mean, I don't know, did you say administration? What exactly? It's like a whole branch of new features administration is my profession, I guess home page first and maybe as little search function. I would say, okay, my God, don't just make it do... I'm genuinely tweaking out for you, because you're talking, but the words are not just... They are not reaching the mind. I feel like this is a fucking dream. I feel like a dream I wasn't... I told myself it was it because that's why it's a dream nightmare? No, but it's like... Do you know this in your dream when it's like the side of your vision is like... Are you having a seizure?
Maybe this actually is an early tell of some seizure or other. Okay, guys, but he's agreed on the administration. You know how broad administration is. It's like saying, "I make a... But we are the new user."
Okay, well, that's why we will now... Well, but it would probably be enough if it was... Yeah, you should just start with deleting a user and maybe deleting one thing, actually, but deleting users already... You have to go to the hub, you have to log in, and it has to be redirected. Can you register as an admin? Then you have to go to the home page. What do you see on the home page? Is it POST? Is it something else? Is it just a "Hello, welcome to the Home Page"? The thing is, the question is if you look at it from a user standpoint, I would say it's a question whether you get an entirely different app or if you just get functionalities added to all the components that you can see.
For example, usually, a user if a normal user, if he looks at reviews of others, he will not be able to delete them or anything. You will just see the profile picture and the flags and whatnot. Just regularly, right?
Then you could imagine it in a different way on Monday. So if you want to moderate the stuff, then you could make it so that either the admin actually gets an option to delete the review and the flag of a stranger, and the normal user just doesn't see that, or what I mean, we do it every time with... Actually, it gets some sort of lists.
So it's an entirely different view, right? Then I need as a user, you see, imagine just a regular chat, right? So I see all these things, right? I think as an admin, I can delete those things. Yeah, I can just delete them. I get the option.
A regular user, a person that does not have these admin rights, they will not be able to just delete this thing. They will not see the option to begin with. So the question is, basically, will you do it this way or will you get an entirely different view where you actually just manage all those things without being able to look at the actual post or something?
Okay, so it seems to me this is just a second thing. What would the admin do? Because it can delete the flags. Yeah, for instance, usually you can make demands.
No, I have those sweat pits none you want to see. 90 kilos, of course, I think literally 60 kilos... You... 30 kilos. You don't know. I've seen some me lose weight. I don't think as good as he does. I can imagine that is my goal. This is my life goal.
But he has really heavy packs. I mean, a lot of water retention as well. People he's just in... Roy, let's try to give Williams a clear... Yeah, no, but in the end, it's like how does he want to approach it?
We can sit here and explain what I think. He knows what the admin does. He should be able to... It has 35 and users quick charger you can create flags because you can.
No. What are your favorite credit operations? Our... Bush so I mean it... Be users but HubSpot specifically component thing. Jenny like just... Off and the corner. Maybe you should be able to... This could be a really cool feature where you say, "Okay, I can send a notification to a user and maybe ban him and then he gets a push-up, pull-up, push notification. Just warning. You can send a warning to the users under this use case. This use case is so broad.
I will probably join in on that at some point. Is for what we have a little box where they can put in bad words and then they get put into a CSV or if you try to put this in your bio it is not...
I have no idea how you would implement it. I mean, I see, I think it's possible you just do some regex stuff. It's not... I mean, you get the string and you just... You can just make a list of strings?
Yeah, you check it but you can make a different list of strings of the bio see. Then if you compare it to real quick like adding the admin panel, it's like a pretty good idea, but it's like we add an entire new user. Aren't there more single features? No, but I'm adding an admin. I like no, you like this is difficult.
It's not... No, it's like it doesn't have some panel, there are different ways about it. I just explain it to it. Yeah, I know but it's like how do I say this? A D and an entire user type, let's say.
So yeah, it's basically adding this SL into the project, basically a new user type. It doesn't really give anything to the app itself, but that doesn't matter what it's basically about. The reason why I really want this is not that it's tracking source the app is that I have something to present the presentation.
It's... I would say it's pretty in terms of security. In terms of security and in terms of content tolerance. Let's say. Come on, guys, we don't want to see any Genitalia pictures. We need someone to delete Genitalia pictures. You can tell this on the buzzy matching. I'm sorry. Just tell this during the presentation that the whole point is to avoid any inappropriate... What we can do is, for example, on the home page, if you are willing to do this, you can make a fuzzy matching.
You know what? Fuzzy matching is you have... Okay, good. Then, you can make some users that maybe commented something like this, or have bios that incorporate words you use in the fuzzy matching, and they are pulled up on the home page or whatever. It would be a crazy use case because you have to filter each user and then filter the results again that you filter, and you show a specific list or something probably of users that have done these illegal activities, unwanted activities like the same thing.
So basically, that would just be... Basically, on how I see it now as a... I open this, and I see two lists. One maybe with posts that have broken the rules of those few days actually. One with posts that have no... Because posts with broken... Only...
Okay, what with, maybe the recent posts, like the flags that are made in order of how long they've been there because we have data, right? Yeah, well, then that's easy. Then, a list of users that have been found to have some nasty words. Yes, in either bio or in bio name or...
Then maybe one we just recently user to look for the image. Yeah, with the... And you can... If you really want it, we can make the disallowed words editable. But that's up to you guys. You have a lot of... I can be as creative as you want.
Yeah, it's all about creativity. So we put in a search functionality for users. I don't know, you can click on them, and then you can edit everything. Or just send... You're a bad artist or something like this. Imagine that scenario for this instant.
Look, listen, if I rob just one bank, the police are not going to tell me like you. You're not doing too good for one rule. It's like robots... You know I tell one young child to kill himself and immediately bad that's why you should start molesting these kids. Robots really likes it the time. What the fuck? As is going to die.
Okay. Can only guys feature admin panel a feature and ad. I want to make sure I want to see the ad and the moderator's and I want to be able to motivate that in order to moderate the users. Okay, but maybe moderate users and flags or posts, whatever you want to call it, in order so that our app stays safe for all audiences.
It's safe for work, it's safe for users. I will remove every post.
The poker planning me looking up for this final and sw the man knew I so file features line and poker send me a link for 331 customized flag. I didn't even know there was a thing I would customize your balls. You don't deserve a feature. You need to know something.
But look at the video above. Like Dmitri Klokhov squatting I am had the demo. I was afraid of opening the discourse and I said "link the discord." I was like, "Sure, okay, let's look at it." It's only a meme you shouldn't look.
Well, what's not open here? By clicking on General. Click on General. Mister.
But the squads are really important, and it's really important if you squat this way. I actually believe it's the first time I've had actual leg pain after a leg day after doing these squads, but I do squats that really nice, right?
Okay, which feature? Okay, one customize the flag. We my the fuck is at 89? Why is it? Because it's put zero one. As a user, I want to customize the flag.
Well, this is our story point definition, because I was here last night on the feature on the click. What do you feel it would be like to scroll down? How hot do you think it is? Is it a one, two, three, four, or one zero is like nothing? Asking if it's about time.
It's about complexity. It's a combination of... It's more complex. For example, setting up a new render database to connect to is a zero. Sharing it with everyone is one, because not everyone is going to accept it, so it's going to be mentally hard for me.
Like a scale from one to whichever you find the middle reference for... No, we're going to make the reference. That's our point about it. I'll explain it to you. Some teams use higher numbers, some teams use lower numbers.
But it doesn't matter, because as long as we all sit in and we say, "Okay, maybe it's a 21." It's a 21, chief. I'm not putting in the last one because they're publicly available. Red like for... They revealed the cards. I hope I don't see any advantages. Guys, I had no idea, I just...
But that's fine, somewhere... No, let's see the one with 13 and the one with three on a scale on the big scale. I thought it would be around here and that it is about 13 months. Okay, three. Basically... I need to do some research.
Basically, this only involves front-end. It doesn't even involve the retrofit thing. So I just need to... It would actually involve some of this because of the customization.
In general, this is the most casual. Okay, how do we store the back end? How do we store the customized flag? So does he have to customize it every time and again and you... Because it's skins for the flag, right?
Kinda, let's say... Because if the flag is red and I put it on a rainbow because I'm gay. Then I close the app and I open it up again, then it's red again, so I have to customize it again. Yeah, that would be a fucking...
Yeah, that's why I put it on a replace... We just replace the... I think we can roll with the Slack instead of putting the new ones. So we have a rolling database with the flag and have a column with the icon. We don't add new flags with the exact same data and new icon. We just take the existing flag, we change the icon there. Can do this.
Yeah. That would... Be a... Like a graph quite as the first of all, we need to figure out how we can set not the actual marker, not the Google marker, but a certain type of normal flag. Yeah, and just anything but not the marker and the start newbing.
Yeah, I'm sorry. Let's say you need to do is you need to... We need the information. You need to figure out how to change the icon. Make an icon rather than recolor it based on the users' want. Yeah, and starting back and that's quite a bit of work.
So I won't say what it is, but to me it seems like quite a bit of work. In... Yes, but compared to what was done, I mean, it's not... It doesn't involve a new technical, let's say... Not as significant as mobs or cameras. I wouldn't say this because there's... You wouldn't... A new technique, but it would...
Yeah, but they... Design... Yeah, but they are not as significant or as... But the whole thing is... No, let's just go really with it. So there are two ways you can store something. So you sit there and you either select a color, or you can just store the color in the back end, or you score an actual skin in the back end, which we then have to link as well. Then you have to make it in the front that you can select this skin somewhere.
So probably on the account settings page or profile page, I don't know. Then you have to, first of all, design it and make the backend for it. So you have to extend the backend to incorporate the predefined flags. Or we don't have skins and just colorways depending on what we like.
Then we have to call it... So, guys, I mean, I haven't... A certain idea on that. What we think if we store the color and maybe a string which may involve an emoji. So let's say we have a background and then we can have either some text on the flag, like Vim, for example, or an emoji.
That's easy. Yeah, that's going to be easy. I mean, this is not as creative as it would be, guys, on a flag that is as big as the eight here on a smartphone. You want it to say "villain."
So okay, in that case... MR. EMIS... Because we are already in trouble in terms of storing photos because they take a lot of space and this is the issue. I would say with the skis, I would say that we can simply make a custom flag just involving the background and involving a certain emoji.
Maybe the color only color changes enough... Okay, let me see what we can do. Yeah, I'll just figure out what's possible and what's not. Can you change for me? It seems the easiest way to do this is make the graphic a grayscale with shading.
Then you could just apply any color on top of it and it will get it. So it's probably if you just want colors and then in the module top, that will be relatively easy as well, because I already have an idea.
You can set the black color as a background and like a school and you're like a pirate. I mean, that's... Yeah. Can you change individual Slack or all flags at once? I think that would be a start. I would keep it as... Each user can customize their flags. All flags will use this customized...
So where do we start? Do we start a user on flax? I use the flag skin essentially would be tied to... We can use a lot of this title within the flag. No. Okay, actually, I think that we might come up with a new model like user flag, user skin, or user something like that.
Okay, then you just put in what you can put in the colors. Yeah, you'll have a user ID, then a COR, and then a module. Okay, so we have to vote again. Two people left. Probably... No, I'm just... Active.
That's all. Fing out. It's pointing to the one who didn't vote. This is how you miss Miller, not seriously. What are those fun? I think we just stick... Okay, let's stick to it. But the...
No, your soul left when the spring plan re... Okay, let's go to the top. Hello, SOPs. So okay, let's first of all write down the most obvious one, the backend like task backend models and backend relations backend models relations. You have to write a description for them, right? Yes, model, yes, and relation we didn't... But now we do.
Yeah, I will do this on... You can keep this. No, we have to do now with... Okay, so create a user customization model. But isn't this pretty unhandy to do it now? Yes, but okay, we started doing this. Let's... Yeah, as a create a customization user customization model and a relation with a user and relation with a user model. Can you the title as well? I don't know, user customization backup or something like that at Models and Relations is like...
Yeah, but about which feature it is because of the...
You do... Thank you, guys, and just look for Dan. Yeah, okay. We did... Okay, we need to assign... Then as a... So what, recreate the texture like Slack flag design itself. I was just looking at the Minecraft textures for leaves and grass and stuff.
Because they ask me why they have the grayscale. If you just have a color in your backend, you can be text. But then you can convert it to the actual color and then just add that over the grayscale and it will work. It's automatically be shaded and stuff if you do it.
I'll see a second. So I create a Slack-like flag plate, let's say create a Slack tin plate. You're basically a Slack tin plate. Then we need the task like "User design task". User design task. User design task. So this one is for the user. This is like
so that the user gets the user design customization menu.
I think that's it. This customization menu in the front, that's where you can select the color and then basically... Okay, do we want to define it more? I think... Okay, you have to assign the points.
Okay, I would say two for customization and for this for calcul customization and for backend stuff, I guess two. So back and for two two and yeah, no, flag design is going to be three and the user flag design is going to be two, but you have a... So you're missing one for flag design. No, I would say... Come on, I've been doing this for the whole project. I guess I know what to do with this one.
I follow the same pattern. I would keep them as two. So which one is it? Total four flag design and the rest from the beginning 2242... A man by a form for... No, you can't but no, you don't have to. I think
I'll be doing a test after this. Task likeform staring at me why? Like I said some weird thing and what did you say? I said the tasks need the iterations and not the features. I'm gonna Gemini that which one use the 3 op pro the rest are okay, so three tasks there are nice sizes to make nice so nice scrum mustard, nice as a want to receive personal focus. This is what you want to do, right?
Because now it's just everyone received the same notifications. Guys, tests, guys. Do you all mind if you do just a little pa minute a break because I'm getting a bit exhausted. But we have. We have two more things.
Yeah, but we do a quick break for a quick snack, and then we come back. One. Okay. Let's do a quick break.
And then like when you say okay, I'm done, I'm checking nice click results from the okay, let's continue wa let's go. Okay everyone. So what cause you just guys, what is the task? What's the task? As a tech, as a user want to receive personal identification if I do well with exploring or 2 iskipping, 2 personal personalized.
So essentially storing the same token, using it to send notifications, checking on the backend for actual conditions, and that's a notification for okay, the link. Okay please guys, why are you papering me? What the fuck did I do, paper chief or ral fucker?
Yeah, you're fucking Spani. May someone send some cards? Look, send me the hearts. It's like over there as you are I very forgu. In the meantime, you can send me some cards. Yeah, go, but I'm fucking thinking about the use cases doing the wrong thing. You're in the wrong place, so.
Well, I want to personalized item fing. No, do whatever you're thinking for. I have no whatever, but I don't tend to vote boy didn't think himself or a little bit aver. I chose so much because it's for me two tasks.
So the first one is what do what does it mean to do well with exploring. So like, if you... Yes, we can check for the parameters, so it's below certain umbrellas or higher, then we can see good... I thought maybe when you did five in two days, that's doing well of exploring.
So it's... Maybe just keep up and then... If you're skipping... So you say, "You're okay, you didn't... Okay, then I will vote in you guys vote." I had so much in my mind, I was like, "Okay, I have to check. You did training this time. You're doing a good job. As long as the... Is papering me, as long as there is architecture...
Sorry, right in that mid. No, okay, I can take Claude for you. Don't bug me guys, go back. I think someone has changed. You can change okay?
Yeah, you can. Okay, so that I want to ask a German friend to tell the square 81 and he answered no.
To the average is 24. Yeah, but because of change, he is disrupting the agile 152. Should it be on login or on flagged? Just speak... 15bc no everything... I did praise Lord.
Honestly, just 90% means it's crazy. Actually, yeah.
Compared with this... The meat is not being used on the straws toy on the brain makes you funny because the normal and quality jokes do make you... They are not bad, don't understand.
The GAs bill the GAs... Yeah, but this is funny. This is very funny. You don't get the humor. Yes, guys, this is... I'm just the only one who understands its last feature done.
Who as the user I want to receive... But we did this already, right? No, we did notifications. Then why is this still the same issue? An ADM panel?
Yeah. You mean here I... Yeah, how the fact you can consider a proper German joke a bad one. You're a Dutch man, only brain networks you're finding, right? Yes, so but the thing about comedy is that it's not objective. Everyone has their own... Is it objective?
Yeah, that's the rule. So apparently Dutch are not interested in copy-pasting. Yeah, that junk. No, I'm the only one... The pregnant man.
He was joking. No, I like how the PC cannot handle the removal of a photo agreement. No, okay, so let's get through the highest one and the lowest one. So the entire admin thing, eight points... Come on, guys, the same as customizing the flag there is...
I mean there is a clear button, so you just customize the flag. So guys, admin panel, let me tell you, SAP is the admin panel. There is a clear pattern. You have a bunch of APIs that you see, so there is nothing really complex. You just need to ride a lot, of course, comparatively... [Laughter] Don't worry.
This the whole... Guys, you are following a clear pattern. What you need to do there is nothing new. You don't need to come up with a new approach. You have a pattern. Sorry. You need to do an API request. You need to do the repository stuff and you need to do some view model and... But it's not about... It's just a lot to do and it's a lot to think about.
I mean the point is that there is a clear pattern that's my reason, man. Counter-argument with a fucking appointment planner for other... We had a clear flow and center structure. So that does not mean that it's suddenly easy.
But the other contrary argument that we have all the code, we have all the stuff done. So you can basically look up for another implementation and you can follow the same structure because the...
Because I store business store on me for liking different things. So the thing is, the new idea is you delete the stuff and you don't know if there might come in weird consequences because you suddenly delete stuff from the database. Usually there shouldn't be something, but you don't know, maybe something does happen and I mean, like you delete or sometimes you don't even delete, sometimes you just sometimes.
Yeah, but th this simply changes the database and that's it. And as long as the database is working, you're following. But the things you don't know if those things. It might be easy, as you say, but okay, it might not be, you know, okay, I mean, yes. Question if a task is big but unclear, does that still mean that it has less story points? Yes. M like yes, because we don't know the complexity because it seems like that now we're trying to like assign like unfamiliarity to story points like our unfamiliarity, yeah, because my reason and my reason was because of we have done this we have the similar user store is completed already and we can simply follow the same pattern. This is why I put eight.
And I mean, I would. Okay, I can I might be changed to 13 just because of the amount of code, but in general, we follow the same pattern. Yes, we know. There's a test with the. With the different filters to test. [Laughter] Why do you not believe in yourself and stuff involved knowledge require fast we talk about beta stuff.
Okay, let's agree on the new re revo re.
If I could not vote on no. If your playing pocket doesn't look like this, don't invite to your pocket playning.
Okay? I mean that's fraud, do you? Okay, explain yourself. No, I still think it's a really big, like, thing.
Like, I don't know, like 13 more like, I think, like, is it about time or is it about complexity in story points? Well, I scro master story points complexity of both. It's a mixture, but, because complexity is sometimes bound to time.
But generally, it's about, more it's more complexity based because time is like you can measure complexity in time, but it's like you know, how much do you invest in it? How hard this is going to be because I can do something really hard in just a short time and was something easy in a long time.
You know, I changed my mind. Okay? 21 years. So now you want it to be... Now you understand so you changed someone changed it, right? Yeah, I changed. No, you changed. Yeah, I was thinking I changed for myself because we see just the admins differently, do we take the average and that because guys, let's look at...
I mean, as I remember the camera feature was vs. Of 13 story points. There is no way that admin Pannell is more difficult than the coming year. So this is why I mean, just based on the amount of cost, I would agree on 16, but rather than that, it's going to be 8-100%
because there is a clear pattern. There is a clear pattern and it was done before. So the only problem that I see is the amount of code. That's it. Basically, you can look up for the similar implementations and that's it. Let me look in the back end where we have implementation for checking if a user uses a bad word and a bio. Fair enough.
Yeah, but we can get right. Yeah, but come on, do... The point is, do we want to prevent the user from writing bad words or do we want to prevent and we want to check if he did that? Two different things. He's right because
it's prevention. It's in my... It's like in registration and profile pages, on account pages. But if it's checking, it's in your stuff. I would prefer if it was checking because yeah, this check in there will be a sense to have another...
Yeah, but it should be sent or even eight if we think about what we were talking about beforehand when we were like I guess defining the use case with you. You're saying that you would have a list of bios that had bad words.
Yeah, but that's not the thing that's checking. Stop molesting Dan. What the f is wrong with you? You're now one of the high ones, and you're another high one. So now you guys get to... In the end, it's your choice how you want to do it.
I would prefer it stays in your use case and then you can work on it like the 21. I would... So I chose 21 because it's just a lot to do and there are some algorithms you have to implement like the Fay matching is going to be hard at least from...
Yeah, and no schedule it is. It's eon. You can actually just... As you compare... You use the operators like bigger equals or does it equal? So you can do it in content as well, but that's not fuzzy matching more but that's not fuzzy much.
I know if you want to compare to... If you're lucky in content, there's already a library you can import for father matching. But in the end, you serve to write a whole thing about it. So I chose 21 because it's as we said, just out of my head.
It is redirected to a home page if you're an admin, so you have to modify the backend. Wait a minute. Do we look for the... Do we do this checking? That should be a business with...
Right, basically there are a lot of businesses yes or no that's in the V model, depends. My god, I am stupid. It is what the f is I talking about backend, man? Well, it is both, that's all. Point to do this in the description. I was thinking... But like that's how it works.
I've watched what exactly? No, I like about the logic. I was thinking, how do I do this in type 3 and mean? But you don't do it in type 3. Back you do.
You say 13 let's go. The second part is the second part. Okay, about the second part. No, guys, next time we should definitely get the lecture room was there was some people that.
Okay, let's make this fast, then we can make another post if you feel like it. Why is it while young it's will I'm sorry, it's not no it's not.
Careful. Okay, so what do? We need to update database. Database of database. Database. Database the DTA to include administrator role in do like the moo begs. I love Latinos. I understand, but I got a real I don't know why, but I really like, Middle Eastern girls. Yes, I don't know why, but the turns meals that Middle Eastern.
Yeah, like the I like black hair create the act like the UI so what about as create UI do? They're cute. But like. But they too. Fetish, you know what I mean? Lost like when I go to one set of an Asian girlfriend, they want to look like this.
You know, anti oo I like shut of a logic for finding people that did bad things. No, please be more in detail please be more in detail please be more in detail. This would be far matching, right? What? This would be the matching of fazzy matching logic for value matching for people that for value matching users. O break rule SI don't know. Whatever you want. Very good guys coming up tasks and the points and the actually but maybe just one culture like theleting logic like one person is like the lit users and maybe sending them a notification can you send a notification for a specific user the book of the Jew not I'm sorry thank you for not just deleting I don't. Fine.
Yeah, but that's, like the interal. Why? Because kinda interestly but you will not be doing it you dotify users why not first admin by not no but you can but like if an I mean the least us you want to use it to not right?
Yeah, and know, maybe like a message to the user. I don't know, like, hey man, your ecolo is got ba core tasks distribution of 13 points. 13 points. Okay, so I think updating the database is like 11, then Duy that is two and a half with two points. Shit, man, I want to say maybe a 2.46 or something like three. The logic for searching... Let me use four now on the 13, so I have nine wise. This one means...
Yeah, this one is like... So we have nine left, like a four, and the rest is great. The old one is four, and I made the first one. The second one is three because I struggled with the UI. No, the second first one is two. The second one was three, then three, and a to force.
Yeah, I'm going to be on the... How long can the said? Well, I've tried to say it before I one. But you told me one and I to... But I tried to say make one two like three times, and that was some sort of bugging issue, like some communication. I must ask a quick... Because right now I'm a bit lost. Why are we doing the estimates?
I mean fair enough, but the lectures not dissatisfied. We can give a reason. The actual reason is agile as part of our grading. Yes, yeah, I'm tot we need to optimize our implementation process because I'm pretty sure there was the proper purpose.
So I think it's mainly to see that everyone is doing a relatively similar amount of work. That's not... To see if it's possible to... That's the main purpose of estimating stories. I think if I remember greatly from DVPR which I think I do, but that's a question for the same...
So in a CL because right now it feels a bit like a nothing forge to me. We do it for the sake of doing it, and not for as many to measure even if I don't feel like the only clear. Yeah, just do ChatGPT and Claude at the poor requested detail that much like...
The only good reason that I was able to come up with, in my mind right now, was "Okay, you can use it as a measurement tool." Don't see how much velocity the team has. Okay, so when we do the request, you need to make sure that when we flag, I know why you feel like blocked or removed it because faster which sounds very... But just make sure that you don't change it. It will become more streamlined.
Okay, because we're doing it so late, that probably won't happen on... Because eventually you got to... The definition of a story point. Really? Yeah, right now story points are relative to...
Everyone knows basically
when you plan, it's like no spread. I have 30 story points to do in one week, I have done that amount of tasks. That gives me 2 story points. I need to step on my game for the next week and just long-term planning. Sure, it really just helps everyone stay on track and do that work. I don't know, in the end, I still feel like the story points are just... Even though these... I don't like...
Guys, let's get back. Well, I guess all the features are story-pointed. Designed, we have to go over the old ones and... Okay, I want to take this is done right or almost done. It has to be okay, special challenges. Do you want to change anything? Some no, everything that is good, do you want to change it point-wise maybe?
Okay, until you added my profile. Public information? No, I guess if something comes up we'll add review the flags, want to change something? No, this is for the request. Is there for this one? Are you not top on certain badges? We were it wasn't done at all.
So you can delete the iteration forward. Yeah, and get rid of the estimate because maybe we need to re-estimate it. Maybe it got easier or harder enough, but we zero as you want to be able to customize the flag, which just did... Added my profile's private information
because it didn't have the feature that one...
I may be doing this at the end of this sprint. Let's wait for the next one. Yeah, I probably will. I'm not sure if I would start with it already, but I will probably... Song too. Task. Yeah, but if I finish this at the end of this week...
Okay. This is just some task in general. Just to make... Yeah, the feature we did... I just did it as a suggestion we don't have to already done or we can put in... I think that it works text and element so it's in review but can you put retells the data but in review the and the keyboard does not cover it can go and done right? Yes, no there, please. No, but the way you can accept my request, you're done with everything.
I mean, I just needed to fix a couple of plans and save the wheelchairs. Okay, I think we're done for this meeting, right? Yes. Then... I will finish... Now.
