Speaker 1 | 00:00
The project because we are doing pretty well and we don't need to stress that much, just calm, that's what I see. So it made you mad that it was so overworked? Yeah, it was necessary. Yeah, from our perspective, it's not a goal. Our idea is just to show the current state and hopefully if you work in a proper way, then you can at all moments in time show the current state, right?
Because that is basically... So, yeah, a little bit extra. Jo and some pit, some unnecessary, but they need to be calm. Your next point changing someone else's code. Yeah, I mean, I was so... This was the last week I was trying to merge my implementation into main and did both make the pull request. Yes, I made the pull request.
I saw that some of my implementation was changed to achieve someone else's goals, and I had to change it back. So some of the as implementation was deleted. Yeah. I just want to make sure that this is just for everyone as you try to change the code, change the as code, especially signatures, because signatures like metal signatures are pretty sensitive. Just ask or just ask someone else. Ideally the code developer.
So I didn't really like what I saw yesterday when my code was changed in order for some other goals. Let's say I had to change it back. Yeah, so, yeah, this made me mad. That's fair enough. I didn't... Was sure I should say, but I had some issues where I looked at other code and I was like, "Okay, I could use this and change it slightly," but I chose for me that it's better for me to just redo the method.
Yeah. To fit my goals. Because in the end, if it has this specific implementation and even if it's just a small detail, in my mind, it could be something severe. Yeah. Then, I just redid the method or. Or like a big deal because that is what you have... No, you can go... First off,
I mean, in that case, we just need to communicate a bit more on the changes. Yeah, so yeah, but I am... First of all, units do to save your ass that you don't screw up something of someone else. The other ones are pool requests, right?
Because you... It's not that someone is doing it without any review. At least two people are... Then, yeah, I think... But this is... There are two things he mentioned. The first one is I think if we make a pull request and we know that we change the code of someone's person because we know what features they're working on, we should make them in assignee and mention this in Jira or whatever.
The second one is that they changed the method so that it fits their use case. But no, my use case didn't work. I think this is the detail that I wanted to lucidate that some methods should just stay the way they are. Of course, there's no ownership, but it's... I don't take out the... Or how's it called?
A part of a machine can replace it and expect it to act the same way. Yeah, right. So if the tests are green, then... Because there's the whole idea behind refractoring. Yeah, and the problem is that probably what these changes were made before, we're actively using pull requests.
Yeah, so we started using it in a proper way quite recently. That's why I was... [Laughter] That was the case. Yes, this was the previous spring. So this issue occurred. Yeah, last spring basically.
I was trying to match my implementation into the dev branch and yeah, this problem occurred. So I have to take actions on this one, but I know the question is what is your takeaway? Do you now agree that it is not allowed then, or is it? I would say we just need to communicate on that because this is the first encounter.
Yeah, this problem. At that point, when we have a lot of customization, we simply need to communicate on that and the pull request. There was a good idea that we assign the developers of a certain piece of code in order to verify.
By the way, can you self-assign co-owners? You can then get them to make someone responsible for it, and the core looks only need to go via this person. Is that a question if you should want that? So that is one thing, the other thing I wanted to... Maybe isn't as pointing at the design issue done because as you have methods where that are apparently many of you are working and do different things. That could be a signal for design issues, isn't it?
Because methods should be simple and should have their own responsibility. So if you have methods that have too many responsibilities, then you can wonder if that's a good thing. I would say in our implementation, in our application, some of the implementations are highly coupled.
For example, the Flax and the Budges, they are highly coupled. So and this... So maybe that's them. So and that's... You agree that is not the best thing then would there be an option to decouple it? I would say...
The badges are working based on the Flax. Yeah. So there is a bubble by default. I would say if we take some time to reconsider the implementation, we might come up with a better design.
But I mean, for now, especially at this stage when we are... I can confidently say a fair approach in the end of the... Yeah, I would say we don't have that. I mean, at least for now, we don't have any ideas how to change this, I would say, but at least be aware that you know what refactoring is, right?
Yeah, yes. So, yeah, maintainability, I think... To this, maybe it's sometimes that the people who overwork... I'm going to say this word because I was with him. He did the friends, and I did the profile page.
In the profile page, I wanted to get the friends, but in my mind, I already had this... Okay, we need this or X. So I modified the method, but in the end, it didn't work because I modified it because he already... So I just had to call what he did, but in my mind, I was like, "Man, that's not complete." So yeah, and maybe it was partially because of this that people say, "Okay, I have this idea in my mind."
Anyway, it's good to discuss these things. What do you think is good practice and whatnot? So essentially, the problem here is that the changes that Daniels was mentioning were made before we were actively using pull requests. Solved by that.
But still, with pull requests at... The original developer is not necessarily the one that is reviewing, right? Yeah, so it could be that your code is changed, but is that a problem? Typically, no. I mean, if it is improved and someone else agrees that it is better and the tests are still green...
Now I take my two mats. My first one is front-end work, especially retrofit. I don't have a problem with the UI work. You still have to think a lot about it, but as I mentioned previously, I like to write these retrofit things, and I extended them and I modified them, and then it just was not compiling, and I got so mad.
That's why I put it in there. It was like 10:00 pm in the night. I was like, "Man, what the fuck is going on?" But yeah, in the end, I think I patched most of the things, but disconnecting...
Yeah, I mean, it was my first time really using it, so I think I did quite well. But do what I would do differently is, this sounds a little bit stupid because I did the endpoint, but look at the endpoints again and see.
Okay, what do we pass in, what do we not pass in? Because. And when. When I did it, you know, I had this great grand plan in my head. And, you know, I made, like because I then I made, like, these, like, sheets of paper and I draw out and I was like, okay, that's.
So we connected. Bla. No, but the great grand plan for the sprint, you know, for the for this feature. I'm like, this is how we do it. This is how I do it. And, no, there's just one for me. The next one is something for the others. Our last print plent of two days. My God.
Like, I think everyone here who was there knew that in the end, I like, you know, I was like a little bit ggy gaggy, you know, like a little bit out of it cause it just because it just took so long. I'm going to be honest. We. We talked over nothing.
Like the first day like that. But I don't want to say we talked about nothing in the sense of nothing there. But, maybe if we would have pre like if we would have gone into the Splinplane and saying, okay, this is what I want to do.
And not just trying to figure it out there and then and already would have like made up partially our minds and go, okay, this is how we did it. And this is how we want to continue and not just sit there and be like, I don't like this, I want to do this, I want to.
And it probably would have gone easier. Might take. Yes, I would say my opinion on that is that we try to work with the blo and poker and that. I mean, I would say that was the reason of the of why it took us so long.
So I would say we TED and so yeah, we are still trying new agile techniques. So I would say yeah, it took us too long, but it didn't really cause that much of an issue. I mean, at least for me, yes.
So because I was seeing a confused look from Mr. Wat. Essentially, it's not the problem with the pop, it's just that it took more time to take the play features. The same story points to them. Yeah, it's not that the technique is bad. It took us time to do it in my face. [Laughter] No, my fashion would be as... How is too long? How is that defined?
Because if it had a great result after two days and during the remainder of the sprint it was perfectly planned and estimated and it worked great, then it might be worth doing it. For me, it was a lot of sitting there and telling people either we want to follow Agile and we don't...
Because some people are like, "We don't need to do this." I'm like, "Well, we have to do it if you want to do the proper edge of sprint, we have to do it." I even told you in the review that we didn't even define the tasks. I let this be individual, but if we want to do proper Agile, we have to define the task.
For me, it was sitting there and then people turning away and being like, "I don't want to do this. It makes no sense. We should just do it on our own." Then sitting there and being like, "Either we do or we don't, but I don't want to do it." Someone individually doesn't want to take that ticket or you don't think that it is part of that. No, probably the part of splitting up into past,
doing all of this planning. Maybe that was the concern because SSI would do it now. Today or tomorrow you will start with a new sprint. So what do you do differently? But I remember last time we actually divided the features into tasks.
Yeah, but then, my point is not that we did it. My point is that every other feature, we set them... Do we have to do this? Then talking about planning... So we can just do it out of our heads.
Yeah, but I think for the next sprint, it will be easier for the next sprint plan because we all know what's going in there. But it was just like... I know it was the first time, but it got me really mad just sitting there and listening to... I don't want to do this. Can we just do it? What are you going to do to avoid this same annoyance for next time?
I think we understand now that it is necessary to do... And take our time, so we probably won't... Okay. Yeah. It's something I can change from... So just a perspective change to... Yes, gobblekeepers are...
Yeah, I continue recording it okay, but I need to add some other cards because I... Did you start recording? No, I'm not... This one. I'm just joking, I don't care. We forgot to some of the keyboards.
Well, no one hour, 35 minutes, the first December between sprints... I don't think there's ever a week where the train between Vanel and Dusdor has gone the full journey. Once like screens... Again, Japan, my beloved. Yes, like this central company that manages all the trades or is it most... And to gaps who gets a problem now what we have like a minimal so everyone there...
Okay, so yeah, and I can send you a snap [Laughter] break my heart. Are you going to get that T-shirt? Are you thinking about getting a T-shirt? Yeah, this [Laughter] send it to me for the retrospective and what we could do... We could go to the [Laughter] no [Laughter] let's just continue doing it here because we'll have more privacy screen. No, what if someone passes away? I... Please, let's converse here. Hello, will not be paying attention. I'll put a new card and then let's continue the spring. Wait, I still need to write my own because we... I'm sorry.
Okay, let's continue. [Laughter] Now we'll be shortly gone talking about moonshine too. I just want to be high with my love. [Laughter] No, I am... Goes... Don't play. [Laughter] My ears and my eyes. There are separate. Man, bro was not studying and multitasking. Multitasking is not a myth.
Well, this can be done with efficiency. It depends on what you're doing. If they are pretty routineous without extra thinking, if you're doing two things that are very similar in how you need to do them, then yes, it is very bad to do multitasking, which should just be paying half attention, but when the two different things require very different actions, it's fine.
When you're reading a book and listening to music, it's not like you're reading less of the book and listening to less of the music. You're still the same amount from both.
Okay, but that's just the scale anyway. How... Can you listen to music and read a book at the same time? Can you? Is it music with a song like text? Fuck, I just read the book with my eyes and listen to the music with my ears. I could do as well, but I would be distracted.
Yeah, that's the thing. I'm not... I'm just a reverse autism final boss. [Laughter] That's all I can say. Don't open the win.
What they have got...
Beta quickly. I'll write some cards.
It is actually the same like King and the Horrible. Would like the Pennywise, yes, but that shit is actually insane. I keep reading it before bed. Another... I never read the book, nor did I watch the movie.
Yeah, I never watched a movie, but I'm really... It's fun, I'm enjoying it. But I saw Appcomm being an alien or... Yeah. It's like... I don't know. I didn't get to the part. It's like a higher being with magic. I was saying young people after he was the scariest thing with a child said GZ was the catchphrase of the present itself.
Because where is your name? The question...
Because that... Doesn't anyone have a funny joke or a funny story? I looked at your profile and Claude found your joke in there.
Yeah, there was a joke. I guess you can find it. Yes, this was... So he left a comment with a joke. Yeah, that was in the build... Yeah, build... That's one... What was so that was in the build gridle guys? How many IT...? Yeah, take to change the light bulb? [Laughter] What is the name of the daughter of a Mexican follower? [Laughter] But if I have... I'm not allowed to do prompt injections.
That's success Gen Z ironically... Yeah, I don't know how I did it, not for long over it. We have six minutes, four already over. Yeah, okay, sorry. One second, man. Don't mind it.
Okay, let's go. First role. Yeah, the moment of discussions we have after the retrospective. So I like your MoM was saying just now like we on Hama. I think I heard Haney saying that, like, we spend a lot of time basically doing nothing.
I agreed on that but I mainly thought that we discussed a lot of things and a lot of petty Hama things during the retrospective and the planning but then afterwards, when we were done, it was like five minutes or like ten minutes of just silence or maybe a lower...
Then suddenly we had an entire discussion for another thirty minutes. Yeah. So I was like, "What? The fact..." I don't know if you guys agree on this or I'm just deluding. I can't remember the situation. No, I [Laughter] remember after the planning, it was like, okay, now we have our things. We are done. We started and like ten minutes later, we, like, had another discussion about something. I don't know if it was all that or someone's use case, but it was like right after the planning, basically.
Yeah, I remember this one. And was the problem. Because we did finish the. The problem. I think for. I feel like I was there. [Laughter] I think. I think the problem for all is that we have all these meetings to lay out anything so we don't have a discussion.
And then even though we should have discussed it earlier, for whatever reason, we I wrote down in private like open communication. But like for whatever reason, we feel like we can bring it up there and make it like a third separate meeting.
Yeah, basically. So what could be improved from that? I think basically it should really if there is like after the hetrospective of planning and like you are unsure about the thing, just start with like, I don't know how should we fix this because of course you should talk about it.
But it would be, like a shame to then get the whole group back together again, spend another 20 minutes and then start working the back together maybe, like. And max, like, spend with, like either one of you. Of you two because you are the mar and so I don't know yeah what can do if you do you have any questions then after planning on retrospective is it still recording?
Yeah, of course, then you can just ask and yours. I'm fine with it. Yeah, the lack of discussions and or issues about Analysis or design now. Yeah, like, I don't know how. Like maybe you guys are just go at Analysis and design and you have like nothing. No issues or nothing to talk about.
But the last time I have heard about analysis is like at the start of a project and like in week two of like, yeah, should we or should we not do analysis? But now I have heard nothing. No one mentioned anything about analysis or design. I would say... During the individual meeting with Mr. Vanel Hama, I discovered that your package structure, your file structure, this is the design part, actually.
So you are not realizing that, but you are doing some of the design things. You mean like just all the packages and... Yeah, okay, yeah, this is... Just understand this. I would say so we are all constantly doing the design features that are in the package structure. Let's call it this way.
So... I would say it really depends on the use case because for my previous Spain, in terms of analysis and in terms of pure analysis, I only had to redo the use case because it was basically the extension of the double previous Slack feature.
So I didn't have that much to do. So, yeah, this is just the first of the... Okay, so if I remember correctly from the meeting, we got to the point where we're like, "We need the story, of course, and then a use case, like the scenario description, and the steps that the user should take."
For me, at least, I have to... Then we also... If you need extra like a class like... You want to go ahead. But it's not required for the definition of done. And at least for me, I have been doing this. I probably you guys as well.
So that's probably why we haven't been talking about it, because everybody's been... Yeah, if that's so I phone it curious. For example, I did my analysis. I don't know if you remember when I ripped out the papers. I didn't like this, but I'm... I don't know if I can just take pictures of this and upload it.
You know, I still have them, I can... Then I will do this. But it's like... I mean, that's how I do it. And I think many others do it in a similar way, even if not this extended or have something in their mind how they work it.
Sometimes analysis design is just like checking each endpoints and checking where to enter, which I should have done. No, it was not like, I shouldn't have put this in that or not even in said I was like... I was just confused and baffled.
No mention of analysis or anything, but as long as it's going good, then, yeah, there is no reason to discuss it. So you feel like you're somewhat lacking in this part. We can just... I'm not sure if anyone of us did use case scenarios. I saw a few things, but not for everything that in terms of them...
So if you feel like you're lacking in some manner an analysis section for your stuff and just do use case scenarios. Yeah. Okay, next. Yes, Bre, why do you hate Gen Z? Yeah, because we need to be more serious. I mean, I ask... I don't hate people like Gen Z. Let's use this word or less frequently. Which word? It's my individual thing that makes them mad.
But do you mean like the notification stuff? This might be involved to some extent, but guys, it's just my... I mean, explain because is it like the notification stuff the way that Leonardo keeps saying six, seven because that makes me want to kill myself. 676. [Laughter] No, but a bit serious, okay?
Because an extension was just... But what do you mean? Because, like, the word Gen Z was said once by Leonardo during the presentation, not once and, well, maybe twice, and never before or after. The only person that gets talking about Gen Z is you.
So what is the issue here? I mean, I just thought I didn't like this stone being about it. What is the teacher's say they were whipping out the other language guys because we like context absolutely the same. MO [Laughter].
Forget about this.
Menu community. Yeah, this is just what... This specific word or speaking... Our target user. I would say this is... I consider this more like an attitude, and we need to have a bit of a serious attitude.
So you want us to have a boomer attitude? No. [Laughter] Not... Not the Pickled Blinders. But just... You want to be more serious, but just this... Let's talk about... Because he says we of ourselves... I think in any presentation situations or stuff like that probably... What ways...
Yeah, I mean anything project related. Yeah, I'm going to be a bitch now. Yes, some of just like the idea that we represent and present this project as... Because as I see we are trying to basically... Maybe to the... So this is the target audience.
I would say that we can... I actually want to... Boomers more guys, we can simply not have this kind of topic or tone. Let's say we just make up and... Like Instagram or Facebook. It comes down to being more professional project.
Yeah, just context. Yeah, because we don't have a stakeholder to define the target audience, so let's just be neutral from that context. That's what I'm trying to say. Okay? Yeah, that's why I think...
I think we should all start acting like millennials and expect everything good to come to us. When it doesn't work on the first try, we should just get mad at and start... I'm going to be roaring roll.
Okay, so you want to be more professional, and that's of course neutral. Yeah, neutral. [Laughter] Okay, but it's pretty difficult to decide. [Laughter] It's very good to design an app without having somewhat of an age range that we at least expect it doesn't need to be a generation or something.
I understand why you maybe don't want to have the. The fucking digits and the notification... Understandable. Then again, you were the same guy who wanted to have a phase of one of our blackhaws in the app.
That's Sky. No one said that I did want this to help. It was just for the taste and purpose. I mean... [Laughter] The book that you mentioned even sounds like a picture of that. Guys, I will...
Yeah, but I deleted it as well. Deleted it? Yeah, okay, you wanted... Okay, guys, let's keep this as an unresolved issue because I think everyone has different opinions, he wants to be a little bit more serious. No, I agree.
Well, I agree as well. I think there are some generally... Let's say there are some parts where we should say we are more serious and some parts where we continue being us, period. Yeah, exactly. Well, when I cube the scbox...
Yeah, okay, let's continue autonomous. Okay? A okay, that was me autonomous. Plenty of the features. So, the problem is that William was out for a week and he didn't get a feature to work on. I felt bad for him. This made you mad and this made you sad. Man, this is okay.
Because now on the meetings... Let Mr. Maine get the impression that P is not doing anything because of that. Because I think he would do it if he got a feature. My feature was the one that I finished last time. It was like the definition of done was completed. It was in the done category and I just got it again and...
So now the question is, do we even meet? Sorry. So, whether we need to do some autonomous planning in case someone is absent for half a week or it's just a one-time thing that happened and it's a problem one-time thing that happened. I'm going to be honest. I don't think anyone is able to complete a whole feature in half a sprint. What we can do is maybe if there are some autonomous tasks that need to be done, like, fixing something, this can be, redirected TOS to a person in such case to people who are like finished the earlier.
Maybe you can do it as well, but generally I don't want to break on new features in the middle of a sprint because then this person may get completely different rhythm. About. I get the problem. Okay now so ideas if the feature plan, you know, like a person didn't receive a feature to work on or if he is done he can just take the tests which we have in the backlog and he can do that if there are autonomous task.
So was the task is that I not directly, yes, so I yeah, something like this by the way. Okay, nice. So now I'll do my most product owner suggestion, which I think you will not agree with. I have to bring it up because it makes me really agree.
So what I'm saying is we need to. Not this one, I'll have the next one. Product number. This is more of a sprint based thing. So we have two weeks for a sprint, and most of us are done like by the two weeks.
But still, for example, with, we had two cases where we still have twoll requests. And for example, I noticed the problem and there was some compile errors and the your frequ crosso sorry, I checked today yesterday, yeah.
So it's a good thing I we start a pool request. But then ideally what happens is that by the end of two weeks we' have them reviewed. Google request. So perhaps we need to set like an internal deadlines for the feature to be done like in a week or internal, deadline is when you. No. We make a general deadline, and the deadline everyone holds onto the deadline is, the last Wednesday because it's the last time we actually meet, the last time we can work together, and then we can do the, reviewing of the pull requests and so forth. We can do at home all of discode I we do it anywhere over this code, but they can do discout call.
So I can. When I'm assigned to something. I would just started discode call. And then I would say. As long as you are approaching the finished lane, we have done pretty much most of the core functions.
So I would say that we will be getting to the point where we need to test the whole application, and we will be working exactly on fixing stuff and polishing everything. So, yeah, and if we consider the time assuming that we spend the whole Monday on the Agile activities and then we have Wednesday and we have Monday so we have approximately six hours or like six to eight hours on the implementation only in the unit.
So I mean, it depends on the developer. So if the developer is happy with the with this time is the time given. I mean, we can do this, but it's I mean, that's a limit that might put some people under pressure.
So as long as we are approaching the end of the sprint. I mean, I wanted to talk about this a little bit more, but I would say that this is the time to talk about it. Yeah. Well. This is. I have a next I would say that we guys we need to see the canon board and then based on that the sprint yeah we based on that we're having retrospective Mr I'm sorry I probably sounded stay with me. My god, there's nothing my god there's a big dep there is [Laughter] I invisible? PS are you going home already? No, they have a meeting.
Okay. Okay. So. So, yeah, leg. I mean, I would say we can discuss this as a spring plan, but. Okay, let's just. So, yeah, I think we have to discuss it now because this is like we need. We need to see the next.
Okay, but for this car, do you all disagree with the fact that we should be done by Wednesday with our features and helpful requests done? We try to make that our goal. Yeah, Daniel disagrees. I mean, we are getting more experience, but I don't think that's time from Wednesday to...
So I wouldn't say that Wednesday and Monday would be enough. No, you have a week, and then until Wednesday... I would say that we are approaching the finish line, so I would say let's just keep working then we will start testing everything.
So no, but some really... I mean, I see this... I see that this would be some unnecessary tests, and we are pretty much getting to the finish line. We're not talking about tests. The idea is that we have two sprints of time, and then we have the first week where we do the planning and the majority of the work, and then in the second week... My idea was inspired by his madness. If I can actually talk about the... We could have...
Yeah, probably. I'm pretty sure we talked about this and had the suggestion, but normally on the weekend, did you...? We had but we never had a specific deadline. The idea now is that we say, "Okay, on Wednesday, everyone on the second Wednesday, everyone should be as good as done."
Yeah, not by the morning, but by the evening of Wednesday. From there we can pull request and merge it all together. So we have a complete review. Yeah, okay. Full request.
It's love about that you... If you are not done on Wednesday, then alright, but you can do this if you want, but you try to make that goal, and then yeah, I like that. I like this mentality.
Yeah, let's keep it this way. I'll... No one. Okay, next one, guys, please can you scroll down for a second? We will scroll down. No food. [Laughter] Why does this matter? As this boy is eating because we need to focus on... [Laughter] I'm getting distracted because I'm looking at the...
Like the horses, they have things around the eyes so that they're always focused on the road. You should do that. But you must realize that not everyone may be able to do that. No, I'm getting hungry, but yeah, this is my breakfast.
Yeah, a sm egg. Okay, guys, now it'll be the controversial on my product owner day, which you disagree with. I wanted to say something similar in the meeting with Mr. Vandenha, but I was like, "We should wait."
It's not something Mr. Fard wants to see me write about. [Laughter] So I think we need to stop making new features and just focus on refactoring code for simplicity and be able to explain the code.
Okay, this is a pretty good idea. Hello, this is... [Laughter] Will in Switzerland? Look at him. Not caring for all the others. No, we said you're a joke about... We call... Yeah, okay, guys, sometimes it's worse.
Okay, so I think that we need to stop making features. Just make sure our code is explainable, simplified, not tightly coupled and loosely coupled, and just focus on explaining it. Okay, well, like I already said, this is a pretty good idea, but I'm more curious about which new use case that we created. Thought you... Make you think... Okay, what the hell are we doing? We should focus on...
Because there has to be an origin for this. A specific use case. Yeah, I think I feel where it comes from because of the last sprint planning meeting, it just took so long and we would... I feel like we were sometimes talking in circles in the meeting, for example, because we split up William's use case into two. No, he wasn't, but we did split up his stuff, right? I love you so much, you can't imagine you're so funny.
It's crazy, but we're going to come to this into sprint plan. We basically split up your use case into... Because we weren't sure if you had a public or... And do you know the difference between an account page and a profile page?
Yeah. And you're gonna do the account page next sprint. So just private information. We added the profile page, but they including logout, you know, deleting account, you know, stuff like this. Yeah, basically, but it just took so long getting this done for me. It just takes so long getting this why you're laughing, don't.
Okay, but that. Yeah. William, I would kindly ask you to. To put the. But it just took so long and that we sat there and then it was a with a view feature there was like, then we you were unsure about what you want to do.
And then we sat there and then they discussed it and it just took so long to get up a new feature. And at one point, we have to say, okay, this is a minimum viable product we have, and I think we have it right now like if all of our stuff, including what the William has to build now.
And yeah, I mean like if everything that we are building, including me, including William, including Chief including, you know, every one of us is working. And I think we have a really great minimal viable product in every new feature. We have to, we think about creating. It has to have a it has to make sense.
And, you know, we can't just sit here and be like, this is a cool feature. I would like to. Yeah, because your feature makes sense, you know? But there are features where I feel like, you know, if you would now just pull out, like, a chat functionality know, do we need it?
You know, like. But maybe this is just my. I don't know how you feel, but this was like how I this was like the pun from you. I said, okay, you know, we have such a broad product right now. It was. It's nice to say product. We have such a broad product right now. Do we need more or do we need less? Or in less, the sense that we should expand or should we reflect?
I told you, for example, I already felt that it was not necessary to be put in the regions, right? You obviously think differently about this, so I won't argue about that. But yeah, definitely. I see that doing really only sensible stuff for the application at this point is better than just adding for the sake of adding stuff around.
Yeah, [Laughter] it makes no sense. So my idea is that we don't try to finish all the rest of the user stories that we have on the Canva one board, and then we spend time on fixing everything and polishing. We don't need any new functionalities, and we need a proper high quality application.
So I would say that we can have a small look at the quick look on the Canva board. Just to see how many tasks we have. Attach photos, this one is done, special challenges.
So okay, whatever, let's get through the tasks that are not taken. Customize the Slack, customized the Slack is not taken. Yeah, then the login, then the private information to log in, but I would say mainly done with the features because we just need to wait that there's another thing.
Maybe, but we still have to make a feature. I want to log out and I want to delete account because they're mandatory in my head that... But then basically I think my profile is private information.
Yeah. Maybe we could put it in there. It's like a task. Yeah, but it doesn't do or... Yeah, right after the personal notifications are such. Yeah, but I'll do it quickly because it just requires some bit of change to make the play again proper. Sounds not proper. These are all the different places that can be fucked because already fucked. Once we need to delete the task which one there visually different places that can be plucked ones versus already plucked ones. We are not in this one because there would be a lot of unnecessary flags. I don't imagine it looks okay, guys. [Laughter] Okay.
So what I was trying to say is that we don't have any large user stories left. So we can be done with the core functionalities by the end of the sprint. Then we will have some minor P2P2 user stories, and we can start working on the book.
So we can start fixing and polishing the application. This is what I was trying to say during the previous sprint meeting that we will have time to test every single... Yeah, so what? We basically just spent seven minutes discussing what we already said there.
Yeah, but this is a stick, and all, so we need to discuss this anyway. We need to explain it. Okay, in that case, let's move on. If we don't make sure that current features are UX-friendly, flags are not at the moment.
So my problem with flags now is that the picture is good. I'm just talking, so UX-friendly. Because now I don't know which places to go to. Because now I get ten places to flag, and I don't feel like rewarding them.
I don't know where to go. I mean, so it's not functionality-wise, it's UX-wise. It's how I encourage you to explore if by every step I make, I see some random places. Maybe we should put a question.
This is why the flags are over the places that might be flagged. This feature needs to be deleted because we don't display a map with the user flags. We don't display the places that can be flagged because in that case we would have a lot of other locations, some small restaurants, some graveyards, etc.
So we... Feature... When I check that home for me, she rings this, she reads the hampers. So I feel like what we forgot about is what we discussed in the beginning because right now, if I click on a map, everything shows up.
But if we go back to... Well, that's what he said. No, but if we go back, we talked about maybe filtering the results coming out. I don't want to see McDonald's there. I don't want to see KFC there. I don't want to see Green Tech Lab there.
No front to Green Tech editors don't want to see it because this is a traveling thing. Okay, maybe Green Tech Labs. I don't know if someone travels here for Green Tech Labs.
But maybe... Fons is cool. The park over there is cool. But I don't want to go downtown and see 20 restaurants. I don't want to Slack 20 restaurants because restaurants are not places of interest. Of course, there are exceptions.
We all know this, but there must be a way to filter them over the Google API. Yeah, this is possible. Okay, we have a new task. Yeah, but this is like five minutes, then make ten out of it, then make ten out of it and call it a day. We need... Let's move on, okay? We can do it. Isn't this just to agree or disagree?
I will write some in the backend. The same for me. I will do some of that, but during the fixing period, not during the implementation period. Can I wait? I'm going to go to Mr. Kosa and ask him if we need front-end or back-end. Both, I think he mentioned that, but you just go if you see him in one SP, you just put all the units.
Yeah, that's... I have to go. Cash be right. Yeah. He's so... A short pause. I mean, probably have to roll two...
Okay, so about the... During the presentation. Yes, sir. I think if it wasn't for the presentation, we would have a shity product to show because on the deck, we didn't have proper walking login we could enter without the existing credentials. The front end was not unified. I spent three whole days just making sure everything looks nice and everything was good.
We have a way better MVP thanks to that. I know it sounds like bragging, but that's not the point. The stress was needed. I think I would say the stress is needed when we present the panel products at the deadline.
So during the export... I would say... So the way I thought that it could have been done that we simply illustrate just the individual branches and that set. So it's good that we combine this in one single piece, but we need to remember this that this presentation doesn't influence anything.
We simply have an export and we have presentations. So those are two days, two events that we need to focus on. That was my... This is my counter-argument. Yes, guys, things I'd just... You should go to the presentation. It was to show what we had done and where we are at.
So it didn't really matter if it was shipped because this is where we are at. When you ask a real developer in the middle of those prints to just show the materials, they're not going to do all this crap to do this way crap.
They're not going to make a new branch and fake in fact that quickly just to show you if things are not going well, that is fine, but if it doesn't work, then away that is fine because it's the middle of the sprint.
So that's why I think that there's no need to do all this stressing and to make it as good as possible or anything like... Just like that. So what is the underlying problem? Before I break down. I do agree.
I think that's like the little. The perfectionist part, like they all is you might have like. I would not feel comfortable like showing like a fing basically a shared product to like an entire group of people. Even if it isn't for a group, we still get like it can be forg.
But we still people still see like how they are doing this. And then, like, the teachers like, say, like, this could be better, but they it isn't for a grade, but they keep it in their mind, totally agree.
So, no, first thing I have a couple of central arguments. First of all, yeah, we I Lena, we really appreciate that you made the bread. It's not trash. Yeah, that was pretty much that was good job. But guys, to be honest, if it was the real work and we were getting paid for what we were doing, that wouldn't.
I mean, people wouldn't pay you for that branch. That's what I'm trying to say, because this is an extra work and they wouldn't pay for that. Guys, I really don't want to. I don't want to insult you guys, but what is the underlying problem? What was what he mentioned in the really in the beginning. No, I really mean it. What is the underlying problem? We have two branches that should be able to show someone, in a. That we should be able to run a presentation main shit death not working.
So what did he do? Instead of putting everything into death, he made another branch. But the problem, the underlying problem is that we seemly have two branches that should show the status of our work, which are not presentable.
So all of our work. What he did is great, don't get me wrong, but this shows that the work we did until now that is on deaf that is on main is isn't worth it. You know, when you have a log in on deaf means it is a minimum viable product that's not working. I don't know what the other issues were, but, you know, this was like.
And many other issues you know like Maine definitely just create like demo range. Yeah but the issues on deafite main you know logging was not working. Can just go there you know this ns you know we have to focus really.
And this is what he this is why he mentioned before that we should be that we should have this deadline on Wednesday so we can merge that we have the rest of the week to merge everything into death and check if it is working.
You know, keep it up to date and then push it to Maine because if because in the end, as we already said in the chat before the presentation, should we should be able to, have this presentation using just main. N no other branch, but we didn't okay.
And this is I think this is a problem that we start need to tackle that we have a dea yeah that we have a death and we have a main but they should be that's a whole point should be that yeah that' the branch yes and that shouldn't happen.
So what do we take out of this in Maine? Okay. Right. But to me, it seems that the reason why that was not fully up to our standards was because we were in the middle of the sprint, during which those, for example, logging should have been done one or two sprints before.
But it wasn't on DE that's the whole point. It wasn't de there were problems like on it and the fixes were like another branch. We had like faulty code in the Dave like code that did it functions. But there were workarounds so that they, like, couldn't.
But you could cheap the as I don't know how much for. Imagine it a bit like, expired code that was still in and we worked on login in the last print, and then why wasn't the function thing on death again?
But like it wasn't that. Like it was overlooked. I don't think the problem was identified before merging it into... That was actually the problem that existed while it was merged into... Okay, so let's go back at the beginning. We have the whole presentation. It wasn't... It didn't influence anything.
There were presentations during the tutorial session, and they didn't influence anything. So guys, we have two days. So we have two important events: the individual presentation and the Expo day. Those are two days that we need to make sure that the product is done and disposed of. The other days, whatever we don't... We are in the development stage. We shouldn't care about how our application looks at a certain stage at a certain day as long as those days are not Expo day and they are individual presentations.
I mean, we don't care, but we mostly, in most of the cases, shouldn't care what people say, as long as they are not teachers. Well, what they're... Yeah, just didn't we still... I gather we don't need to present a perfect finished product, because that's impossible.
Didn't we still get useful information from things to think about from people and classmates and teachers? I would say that is pretty important. The presentation... If we didn't have it, we wouldn't have names in the... We wouldn't have the unified content.
Nothing would be similar. We would have still different front-end teachers. With that, without presentation, it would have been done later. Yes, but not... They were done. I mean the Mr. Kusak saying add names. I would not have thought about adding names to the... To be fair, I would say two takes: one very short, one kind of... Let's start with the first off. I don't know which one is very...
Yeah, I haven't decided. First off, if we had used the non-fully functioning DAV branch, we would have had the same kinds of things like the not being at the scroll on the login or the not the names. They would still be there and they would still say something on top of the fact that we should have a working death. This as what I said before and when I was in the group that I was like, "Yeah, guys, we should present main because that is our last viable."
If you think about the continuous delivery and continuous integration, this main is the running app that we are delivering from depth every sprint basically, right? Canva shot. If that doesn't work, then we might as well show nothing.
If the main is not working, then our app is not working and if it wasn't talking, we'd be losing revenue, we get fired basically. Can I for something we shot in most of the cases, it is already that main. Even though we're not finished with our product, it is already online and available to the customer.
Okay, you can have that I mean yeah, and for if an app is up but it needs to be changed, the main stays up. We push things to the depth and then eventually I do like that just get mer camera but that you can sell a different branch, but that's cheating. You lose. You lose the point basically of the continuous delivery and what the point is agile is if you do it like this, you might as well you fucking water from it.
So the problem was that maybe we're just not doing that as we intended because if we do it as we intended, we would have working main but that was and the deaf was bug main was not working.
That's why I still had to do it because I imagined that if there was a customer, he would rather see working app which he can use rather than not work, but he can't do that. That's the whole point.
That's the problem because he cannot use it because it's not the mail. That's imagine you're a customer and I'm the developer. I come in and he has main on his device and Maine is not working. And then he comes in and we show him like this beautiful other branches like perfect working everything. I would be rage baed.
You know, I would be sitting there the whole time, it'd like. And I would pull up my laptop, go on the website and be like, not on me, not with me. So I feel like we sacrifice some agile to have to look better than we are if you catch my drive.
And no. Yet now we have to see what we do out of this because we already said there is no continuous integration into me like I don't feel like there is to honest. And we have this is like a big thing we have to change. Huge thing we have to change. How would you I mean, about the presentation, guys, let's remember the context of the project and of the presentation. We don't have a stakeholder and the presentation.
So the presentation didn't have any impact because I. So my idea of the presentation was that we simply illustrate, our own branches and just like some pieces of functionality, individual pieces of functionality that we did personally.
So I would say. So our individual implementation on our own branches. I would say that was the way that we were doing project two presentation. And I mean, based on the context that we have. I mean, I see that it can be done with a different way just because of the context of where we are. Yes.
So I think that's the main thing that I think everyone here took this presentation differently. It was not about presenting individual stuff, but our group results. Yeah. And so that's the main reason why we were quite confused why you wanted to present your own branch like that.
Like that was the only reason behind it. Because it felt like, what did we achieve as a group and not what did we just achieve individually? That's okay. Yeah, the point is that we can get individual feedback based on that.
Yeah, but the presentation was not for that. Guys, I don't really want to talk about this anymore because the presentation is done. We probably don't have another presentation to hold. The thing is, what do we learn out of this?
Because there won't be another presentation, and during the group demo expo, we won't be presenting each individual bridge we're going to present. Main... What do we learn out of this question? Yes, so in that case, let's say we can go two weeks back and we have the same situation. What should I have done? Should I have done nothing? Should I have...? Yes, okay, [Laughter] but so small comment. Then I can shut up for the entire retrospective. I couldn't afford to do that because now you say if we were in a working environment, if you were in the work environment, I wouldn't be responsible for the product.
But now I feel like I'm responsible for the product because otherwise it would be cooked. Otherwise someone else would have been responsible. I'll just build my pull request to my features. The rest is someone else's responsibility.
Then we would show group responsibility to show this. That's why I had to do it, and I couldn't not. Usually, it's the team leader's responsibility in a company, and he will get them scolded for not delivering what the development team should have been able to. Team leader will...
Because if my role is just to make the features and not care about the project, I would be fine with that. But no, because if I fail this project, I will lay hands on myself. I'm telling you, I put so much effort into this project, so much effort. You can check how many commutes.
I have so many products always that if something goes wrong there, the presentation with the assessment... I just put this. Yeah. I mean, I just want to say I like what you did with the demo branch.
It was ten times easier to present. I get it. It was supposed to show me that I would rather see we have the demo branch which is with the UI we want and the people like at least we all enjoy beta link and without this bug-riddled main and I get the feedback but the feedback now would just be...
Okay. Why are you in the time, Mr...? Yeah. Merge it into main. Okay, sorry, we didn't do that because we were in the middle of France. Great. But I still believe... Yes, we could have shown the main branch. Yes, then we showed the Leonge branch. It would have been both good, but with his branch, we would have gotten... I would feel better feedback than if we would have shown the main because the main would be old and still a red of the book.
That's right. I mean, considering the context, in most of the cases, we wouldn't have been cooked. So guys, don't... We overestimate the importance of the presentation as I see it because it's not the final point, and we shouldn't consider this as a life-changing moment.
Please, you are, in my opinion, partially right. This is not the super important presentation. We wouldn't be cooked. We are not guys, and we are not cooked, but the thing is, it has a lot of value.
That's the thing. Yeah, there, I would say... I would say there were lots of other ways how we could get there. So there were... I would say... If we took a different approach. First of all, let's make sure that we are getting down with this topic because I'm... It's like for me, tomato, I don't really... I don't want to be mean, but with discussing nothing...
Okay, yeah, he did it that's it period and will be done differently then in the future. The same situation arises, that's the main thing. Okay, but it's not about what would have the differences. What do we learn from this?
What we learned from this is, first of all, we now have a functioning branch thanks to him. This branch has to be in Maine. That's what we have to learn. Of course, what you guys said. Continuous integration continues. Deliver this is the thing that has been...
But it always leads into this again... Always have a function that has a function. I mean, this is for I think 90% of the things. Yeah, it was always that. That was an issue for comment. Rene, if you feel that we are taking too much time on a certain topic, just say so. Yours... Come, master, just make sure that we stop at a certain point and...
Yeah, that's... We go on... We go to non-right, okay? Not for during activities... Yeah, that's... We are done in seriousness during sessions. Yeah, it heard that, someone... Well, there was a concern about the series during the project.
But for example, me, I can say that I do say a lot of six, seven jokes and a lot of... [Laughter] I'm just trying to be funny here, but I'm being productive. I'm sorry for bragging, but I think I'm being productive.
Yeah, everyone agrees I'm very proud of... [Laughter] The same. Okay guys, let's go to set. Yeah, I think we all know what you have to focus on. Finished by Wednesday. Continuous integration and continuous delivery and whatnot. I didn't have any mats though, so just a small comment. What do we discuss there?
It is a matter of something where we feel about... This is how I understood it meant something where we were like, "Man, this is shit. We have to change and set." It's like something we just said and I was like, "Man, so do we stay or those just the flaws?" Yeah, these are these effects.
But it's easier. Yeah, because mad is mat is supposed to be something, you know, fundamental. You know, if you look at mad we most of the time talked about integration, you know, so something that we deem really important, but we think wasn't properly achieved.
And now instead it's something we feel like not mad that it didn't happen, but you know, it wouldn't hurt if we would have done it first. One, I think it was you, right? No, mine. Okay. I could not get my feature done in time because there was two focuss on side features. Then the most important part.
Yeah, like, this was like a couple of days ago. Instead of, like, making sure that the actual challenge logic, works correctly. Because now, like, somehow you get like the every badge for, like, the challenges, like, with the date and, like, with the time.
Like you get like, it's like 3 pm and like, you get one for after like 12. Like, okay, I know what. But then I thought like, okay, to test this, maybe I should like create like this daf tool of daf commands where if you click five times in the app you could reset your challenges and then you could test it again in the app. Just like I thought, okay, this would be nice to have for lit up testing, but it fucking too long didn't work in the end, and I basically spent five hours doing nothing.
That's basically. But it only affected me. So it's like. Okay. Okay. I was a little bit just about, graphical user interface and user experience. I don't know. It was just a real pain in the as like all these fucking composables. What made me really sad was how people interact with their features.
I think it's specifically targeted to you. Because people have features, and I don't want to say they don't value them, but it's like when you go in like if you do a feature and you feel like it's not worth it. I don't know, it's if it's like something, you know, it just feels shit to, like, even for me to see that someone works on something and he thinks it's not important.
You know, maybe this is just something I feel. It demotivates the person that does the thing but motivates the others on the team. Yeah, Sophie said that not everyone uses a weekly update channel.
If I go in there, it's just a few of us. Please use it like we have it for a reason. I feel sad that I just... So late that I basically rested half a sprint doing nothing and then only afterwards it's really work.
Well, then your point... On me? Yeah, I'm just sad that... Very... Anything to me. Second, we just hope that you are not sick. Now, I don't mind, I don't know, as long as you are... The reason why I wasn't a doctor was because since September, basically...
Actually... Then I guess seriousness, basically having pep. You have the flu, we fucking masks, is it coughing or was it fever, fevers, and elongated migraines?
That's interesting, we're talking about illness. Okay, this one was discussed procrastination on your end. How's it going with your feature? Yeah, it's not finished. I still need to work on it, but I am... How much of it is done across? Much?
Okay. What was it? Was the word, true positions hopeful? I guess, yeah, that I will be done by Wednesday. Okay, this Wednesday or next week? Wednesday, this... I was just a bit overloaded because I have to plan the bachelor party of my sister. I just needed rest in between.
I mean, that might be an excuse as well, but, yeah, I will be done by... What I said. Okay. Just the... Won't be able to... There's no way. Yeah, let's say real quickly, right? Most of us are not dumb with the use case.
Yeah, so we can just continue that and those who are just... Because on fixes done. Yeah, then we can on Wednesday have a proper sprint planning. No, I agree. We finish things and then we do the proper sprint planning for... If there is the case of having features or tasks that require special permits. Guys, we know. [Laughter] I have my question and the vote.
Okay, so first of all, who of you are ready to merge the implementation into main specifically into main until Wednesday? No, until Wednesday. You are sure that because what they wanted to do, what I wanted to do, that on Wednesday we can spend the first half of the session to merge everything into main into dep first. No, because this is still needed, not into depth.
Yeah, into depth and then into main. Yeah, and then in the second part, we do the street planning. Okay, yeah, I believe, you first. So we should just... If your feature is done and meets the definition of done, you push it to them.
Well, no. We request the same for me. I... [Laughter] Base, it's basically the same thing. No, because pushing means it's done. Yeah, and pulling requesting means it's done after it's checked. It's like it's... But in the end, it is the same goal. I just say it differently.
It's just lazy with language. That's all. All right, okay, so when you don't... You meet the definition you've done and you pull request it into dev and at the end of every sprint, dev is just Google requested or merge or whatever in the mail.
So then the shitting we keep talking about the how that it's like... Are we ready to go to main? It should be... Even basically, from what I've seen and a bit of reading about it, basically, even if nothing changes, you should basically put death into the into mail.
Yeah, even not... I have to work with mine for sure. So let's go to the... We continue. But I'm happy that we have open communication. So not that we communicate a lot, but that if you communicate, you're quite open about what we say, no?
Yeah, you're quite a prick as well. You're bummed, I like you. Okay, then you've got the one application. Yeah, I mean, I'm happy with what we have in terms of how many fishes and how they work, the good team working that... You want to lose.
My deal is essentially the same thing that... I'm happy that we do handle the... Quite well, if any team member really has an issue. I have the best experience on this. I stayed my issues and you guys are open to listen to it, so I'm really happy about that.
Yeah, and from the critique thing in the presentation, I think that we just accepted all the opportunities and tried to improve. Then maybe the last thing is that if I said the last thing I want to... Two sentences.
If I said something that made you feel uncomfortable or if I was doing too much... Called the... Man, but adults have emotions. We like forty-year-old white girls have died in hair on Twitter, man, we don't... I am at... [Laughter] No.
But you don't have to be some forty-year-old girl to have emotions. [Laughter] You do the... Yes [Laughter] like the normal ones. First get all the coins in the bottom the default that... [Laughter] Matching everything... Rene and Rene Viza.
Because I don't have a New Year's, new mood of the Christmas mood, so I'm okay. Yeah, same here. I don't believe in Christmas, I hate Christ, I hate Chris is guys Loki how can we be in the Christmas mood?
But that's still not SA glass. That's in the glass almost sent glass. Easy to make sure that I think not all of them are good, right? Okay, I need to make it in a case like turn it that only one of them is correct. [Laughter] Only one... Only six... Correct six like now you can look... Let this one is correct, so now...
By the way, did we... Guys? Did we restart? Did we redo?
