Speaker 1 | 00:00
You see there? Nice Guys... I can call them. It's all in the recording. Because, yeah. Can I have the cube? Do you have the 2x2 cube? Yes. Can I have it? Grab it. I would feel really bad if you said, "Why don't you include me?" We did. We tried. 
I think it's just another message on the... Thank you. That sounds like a last attempt. If it doesn't work, then I will come back. 
He didn't answer, okay. That's what I figured. Thank you. That's what I think. Wait, that's not what it goes on. That's what I'd make a right. Okay, so what do we begin with? Scrum Master. Okay... Let's first go over the scrum values for this Beautiful sprint. 
So what do I do? - Is he dead? 
Yeah, we need this. - What was it called? - Richard. 
- I'm doing this? What were we doing? 
Yeah, we're doing this, but we start with... But we probably have to do it for the ocean. And that job. Okay, so what are we going to start? We start with the Agile values. Keep it moving. Think about it like this. What are we going to start? Nothing. 
So we'll need a different one, then we can do mat set black. No, we will first do the fucking agile values. This is retrospective, we first start with the agile values. Guys. How do you feel the commitment this doing this sprint was from everyone? Two and a half. Two? 3 person From 1 to 5 is best 2 is worst 3 2 Y2, Y3 Because... Last print, sorry, you were not finished? We finished the next sprint. No, this sprint. It's solely this sprint. 
Yeah, this point. You were not finished? I helped you at the end. No, but it's still good if you reached out. It's still stretched out. I didn't finish? Exactly. Don't do it again. - No questions to you. - Correct. - Chief, nothing, so. 
Yeah, I can fail. How courage is very desperate? I think not enough to find the definition of this. Give me a short second. 
Yeah, but I say... Thanks. I love Jalebi Teess. But like, let's be fair, that was the last sprint and we are like approaching the end and we might... We might get exhausted to a certain extent, so the courage might be not as huge as for example two sprints ago I would say that we are closely reaching the end. 
Yeah. That's why, like I would say 3 because we are still... For what now? For courage. Okay, let me define courage now real fast. Scrum team members need coach to do the right thing and face tough problems. For example, they should exhibit coach to explore the unknown, to change direction and share information, and to engage in purchase disagreements i would say it's for me at least in the free because in Voe I started another feature So I did two features last sprint I rather, you know, did the EJU ISAF than really go into depth on The issue involved was just like a question mark, but I didn't know that. 
So I for me, no way to figure out, but maybe I should have pursued you more to check it out. Yeah, that's my part. 
So what do we do for courageous? What do you say, Daniel? We might have not achieved that. 
So I think we just I mean we are reaching the end and we have most of the stuff done Okay, three four five two one three Free. For me, you're free? Chief is on the line. - The eye. 
Right? What's up my nigga? Hey language man, we are recording. Brother, it is literally in the audio. Oopsie. It is right next to you. I don't know, I think I cut this out. Where is the ? We can get this out? Great that we can. And pray that the teachers do not read the fucking transcripts. But you can just remove that from the canister. I see the signal coming in. Thank you. 
Awesome. Steve, can you understand us? Hello, Chief. Text on WhatsApp if you can't understand us. He is texting on WhatsApp. Can you talk so we can understand you? Are you talking? We don't hear you. Is it his mic or my sound? I see his signal. 
So there is something coming in. Well, you can see his image is not becoming blue, you know, there's no blue outline, so he's not talking. 
Yeah, there was. Yeah. Google Talk, please. Please talk now, Mr. Chief. 
Yeah. It's not his problem. 
Something in my set. Maybe I'll just do it this way. Say something. - What? Okay. No, then the microphone, because now I switch to my regular speaker. Can you maybe, do you have the adapter for HDMI? No, I don't. I'm one of the only Apple users that doesn't practice fucking with Apple. 
I mean, we can try the... What if we try the... That's the sound feature. I think that sounds like cheap sound. Because I can hear sounds like on laptop if I play something, there will be sound. *cough* Maybe it's like a... Our audio. - Thank you, Chief. It's really... I. - It's something with his mic. Have you checked what the output of Discord is? - wait, I know. We will work on this great chief. I know because we need to change here as well. Wah-ha-ha! Yeah. Yo Chief, we can hear you now Okay, let's continue. Be serious. That's cause you just drop the end... Kovac for this sprint revalued at 3. Do you agree? We cannot hear you. The courage. 
So the agile value courage for this sprint three out of five. Do you agree or disagree? Can you make the comment to this? I'm going to try all things and be open and Yes That's courage. 
Yeah, I would agree. 5 seems appropriate Okay, then let's continue focus for this - Two. Breathe. Are we asking group focus or my focus? Generally, but your focus is a group focus. Never forget this. Take this. Off the group. Two. Two, three, and three twos. Peace. Thank you. Renamed Dufan. Good morning. - Focus 2 for me at least. Reset to Openness! Four. Four. Five. I would actually say... Because even though we Then I had the courage to really go complete 100 on everything. I think we were open on everything. - Five. Respect! Respect, yo. 10 out of 10. Respect has always been... Respect, definitely. 11 out of 10. Five. Get his. No, but wait, that's way too attacking. I know. What do you mean? This is not very respectful. I think we should go down to a four. Just for this. 
So what's the issue? Why not 5? Okay, let's... I love every single one of you. Love is does not equal respect. Does it? It does not. I think if you love someone you show them respect. 
So it's respect 5 now or what? I think if you love someone you show them respect. 
Yeah. You treat them like they deserve. You Do I hit shield? I'm so sorry man. This man will definitely be like a abuser. What's next value? That's it. That's all five values. Set four. No, we had the first one before she was there. Okay, what's next from most of you now we do the actual retrospective actual okay, so what do you do? Isn't the noise cancellation pro? Maybe. 
We now will start with the rest of the retrospective. Indicating that you may now open the retrospective tool and you may go and get your phone or laptop or whatnot Guys, what if we all sit in positions? Don't say any F-bombs and bombs. What is an F-bomb, my friend? It's when you say fuck. Let's do this one. Wait a minute. Did... Yes, we're at the end. Don't forget to send a link. I think we... No, we didn't do like, learn, lag yet. We did mat, set, lag and start, stop, continue. Okay, we're doing this one. Yay! bish Please send us the link, GreatLeonardo. Skadoosh! Yeah, and change the names, guys. I don't know if you see any... You confused hippos. She's here. - In the links in general? - Yes. I'll do put it everywhere. I'm adorable llama Hope you never got the cheek. Okay. - I wish this corporate hope Okay. - *music* Okay. I'll be writing back with the... Four! Hi. We will start now. Chief, change your username. To Chief. Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Only less than one and a half minutes left my friends Goon hard and goon fast. Bro. Bro. I'm so sorry. God, don't worry. That is not making the cut. You're gonna say it? And you said something about me. Always watching. Okay guys, I'm done. You Just to make sure that we are all-- Do we have anything to write? 
Ten seconds. Bye. Please. Eww. Okay, let's start with the things we like because we all like positive outcomes. Yes, Daniel? 
Yeah, but remember what we... We should be extensively long on this one. As long as possible. Can you launch the... 
Yeah, but let's not spend too much time on that. We will spend. Guys, we should know that we are good, but we don't. No, we need this because by the end of... We all want to know why we're happy. Okay. I liked how open we were about communications, about issues and other things. He can see it on the screen. You can see me? I like how open we were. That's nice. I like that we work effectively as a group. 
So I feel like even though we did less this sprint, I feel like how we approached work was really nice. I like that the group discussions were welcomed. This is always a great sign. And generally like how we approach when someone needs help really appreciated that one. - Lowell. This could have been only done by you. The green one. Yes. Yes. I got to finally finish my use case. Great. The assistance I got. Great. The overall Azure process we followed for the entire project Very good. Are you happy? 
Yeah. Yeah, that's it. He's over there. Everyone was open to help. ... 
Someone has any ideas? Particularly think about Okay. 
So, I like the fact that I got reached out to help and I could help. I like the tools that I'm using to help solve that problem. And overall the features, they are already presentable, - Take some bugs and it's very much presentable. Top 2 expo Top 2? We don't know top 2, we know only top 1. 
Yeah. I have not yet reached the top 3. What? Are you serious? Things we have learned individually. I will start with me because I'm number uno. I learned that I maybe should have been more open about help because then it was just a question mark. I didn't find it but you did so I could have like probably avoided it. 
Like this. Extensive thing But in the end it's cool to know I should have maybe focused more on my portfolio. I learned to work with Codex which is quite cool and I really like to learn to love the business logic work like this interconnecting it's really nice. 
So since I was merging everything and making sure everything works, I was doing a lot of manual testing. So essentially I was kind of a DevOps engineer who was responsible for doing that in my actual jobs. Without the test it was a nightmare. Much more time needed to test. 
So for next time we have unit test, integration test and action. Like for when you make a pull request, it gets automatically deployed to render and see if there are no errors in deploy, then it's more checking. That would save a lot more time. 
So... And the next thing which I get pointed out, perhaps I was maybe over committed to the project Yeah, I mean about this, I mean I can say like That's going to be, I mean, it's not going to be harsh, I mean, I tried to make it as smooth as I can, but If not AI, the project was... Would it be like... 60% worse and I would say with cloud GPT and stuff yeah we could do this devops stuff we could have our features more or less working so I would say, and a specific point about this sticky note that This was mainly possible like I appreciate your work I'm not trying to... 
Yeah I know that is unusual. Yeah, I would say just Without the AI, I would say it would be less productive because of the motivation. 
So yeah, I appreciate the job, but We need to, government needs to do something with AI. I really... 
I mean, it helped me at the beginning to understand the stuff, how to do so. And yeah, Mike. 
Sometimes it's just a joke. Welcome. I'm a bit angry on that, but I don't blame anyone. This is just my... I don't blame anyone, but... 
Yeah, those are just my inner feelings, so you don't... You can disregard them and just move on. Sweet. 
Yeah, that's fair. I did use a lot of them. 
Yeah, so just small comment on it and we can... But there's a bit of specification here. Maybe it's inlect. I'll explain why I put this thing in. Inlect? No, in like I will explain why I put a leg. 
Like as the guy was saying, for each they commit, review them, if it makes sense, and then... I was doing that, but not as deeply as I could have done. 
Yeah, so that's why I called it. Vibe coding needs to become vibe engineering. 
Yeah. But I had to do it for the sake of the episode. My motivation is absolutely due to it. We don't question your motivation. We question your words, baby. 
And then the next problem is, well more of a question. If you have now any problems that you had with me but you didn't tell me before the skills, please do it now. Because you have too many and you should remember that if you have any problems you can tell us I want to do this after we have this maybe just discuss One thing is... I think there are too many emojis in the... 
Like the lower location chats, like too many emojis for me. At least for me. Customization? 
Yeah, when you allow map location to be... Like the... The memes are cool, but the chats in my... That was too much for me. Because the mode was really bright and then this... I think it was overstimulating. Okay, let's go. - Actually, in order to determine the notifications or like... How is it called? Permissions? We needed a mood board, 100%. If we did mood board, we could come up with a... Fair enough. Would be cool, next time. 
Yeah, but shout out, Project Mord. Shout out, mood board, man. 
Yeah, but we can do it. - Okay. Last. I learned how to do bug fixing and more photo solving when it comes to the app. 
Yeah, because I had some issues that I just couldn't figure out, but with the help of Leonardo, I like, finally figured out what the fuck the issue was, and how to get, like... I don't actually know what the issue is. What was the issue? Did you try Lockhead? I thought that I didn't even use it once. Logcat is too OP. 
Yeah. I added some small tests in my camp. Great. I should have kept updating my portfolio at the end of each week. That would have made it a lot easier. - Yeah, that's a bitch. Okay. See you. You notice the most of all, Leon? We have a piggy. Just to... ******* Yeah, it can leave you caught behind, so... The What do you mean with detrimental? Is it like good or bad? Betramethan means bad. It's shit. 
So we have two opposites. I was using hello there and then there was something in there. I don't think AI is the thing, but I think like Because I feel like you chief are like really On your own, no. No, like not seeking out help. Just because you want to learn it Because I didn't ask really anyone. 
Yeah. And because of that, Since I do not have that much. I didn't learn Like I learned from the documentation, yes? And I can explain quite a lot of things Why you would go for one way and not the other? ...birds. I still haven't touched the back end, for example, and I think if I had asked more and Try to involve someone. More actively In my use case, I Would have gotten to that point so far, yeah. Therefore, I learned something on that. 
So. Doing something on your own just to... Really learn it, you know, it can be detrimental, it can... Looking for your velocity. 
Yeah. 
Okay, then we can maybe touch on that part when we discussed it before the skills thing. Hey, you're the last one, dude. What if we let It won't be locked or you missed. Okay, then I'll start. 
So... From what I saw, like, Well, I didn't see like much of a commitment. Because I was seeing half of the teachers, they were being in war, and I didn't know what was the status of them, what was the problem, and I didn't see a reasonable amount of stress. I have unreasonable amount of stress, I do know that, but I didn't see a reasonable amount of stress. That's what I really like. 
Yeah. And that's why I said overall positivity from half of the team, the same thing. Half of the pitches were not done, I didn't know what was wrong, and like a week later, for example, you text me, it doesn't work. I don't think I have to come home five days ago or something. - The thing for me was I really thought it was working Because the feature was working before, But the issue I thought was laid somewhere else, so I updated it, I thought it worked, And I already like continued with like as I said I already did the account page so what you saw was your account page you know some linking issues right now but For me, I thought I was done. 
That's why everything is in review. But I love you. 
So it's like, I saw maybe miscommunication in my part. - Okay, so the occasional task in completion. - I think it should be completion because it's locked. Whatever the name is, yeah, like... 
Sometimes I feel like for some people they use case was started like I screamed to go, two spins to go, like, I'm just, I'm moving... Bye. I'm trying to calculate all the time for a certain feature. 
Sometimes I'm getting confused because Sometimes it's unacceptable. Yeah, sometimes it's just unacceptable, but we are still doing fine. 
So we shouldn't worry about that. Yeah. I would say that Some of the time with the for any other additional fixes Thank you. 
So - Yeah. Yeah. I yeah, I was, I didn't have a good understanding of how to go with your use cases. And For example, I'll tell you now. For example, today for showing to Mr. Van Den Ham Today I quickly made a temporary feature for seeing the flags in the profile, but we don't have to push it in depth, I just made it temporary just to show. Because yeah, there was a sudden panic that I had like "Whoa, but we don't use any photos, like we've saved them but we don't show them anywhere" I should show them in my future. 
Yeah, there were photos. Yeah, I chose the photos of the flag items, so I chose it. Didn't know. Hello, how are you? 
So, yeah, that's it. - I know that once we said we should have these project sessions and really do mainly these activities like scrum, planning and stuff, but We basically never had any time to actually work on the project, like to actually do some holding really Let's be real, maybe 30 minutes? But this was like the interesting part when I was last year here. It was like... You do all this planning here and all the programming at home? 
Yeah, I know, but that's kind of weird as well. Yeah. Because if you do some coding here, And you're running into an issue and you have like five people to ask. 
Yeah. And of course you can message someone, but that's... Different. 
Yeah. That's fine, I don't need it. The seriousness of the group has left a well-being. Which I somewhat understand. But like, Thank you. 
Like I know it's like basically the last session so it won't matter anymore but like last week and This week so far we were basically just I'm fucking in the woods. Like, 90% of the time. 
Yeah, but it's like, I mean, but like, I still completed my use case, so it can't be. Okay, but like, so... 
Yeah, I mean, I can agree with that, but like, I would say that We might feel some... We are all exhausted to certain extent. We just want to... 
I mean personally I just want to reach the holidays and recharge myself. Being exhausted isn't an excuse, you start stacking tables. 
Yeah, but like... Who are you talking about? But, yeah, but... But... Of course... To be fair, like, I... 
Some stage Be there. We were serious enough to do the job and as we reached to this stage we didn't have as we did, like, - A month ago, Yeah, but personally I would assume that we would still have the same amount of seriousness because loki this The entire project is important, but this might even be more important because this is like the last time You have to remember the last time we are actively at uni together with the group Before the portfolio. But you couldn't forget there's like a reason the burnout chart exists. The burnout chart basically is When you try to concentrate over a long period of time, and I don't talk about a day, I mean a long period of time, it gradually decreases. Don't you all get a spike before something important happens? No you get a spike but you have to differentiate between how much time you invest and how efficient you are. 
Yeah, okay, but like... Let's just agree that the seriousness could still be a little bit bad. And on the other hand, of course you get a spike because you work more on it, you know? 
Yeah. Let's just agree a little bit more even if it's like the last time. 
Yeah. Only for you. Almost. Okay, this one. People still interrupting each other even after agreeing on raising their hand. This I like I still remember it was like one of the first weeks It was... 
Yeah, I tried to listen to you, but I want to concentrate. It was.. 
You know, we had this discussion, but everyone was talking You know? At the same time. 
And then Leonardo said like, please one at a time, because you know, you can't listen to multiple people at once. You got it? 
And then it still continued. I said like just raise the hand if you want to talk and then like after the person is done talking we will select them and yes we do this sometimes but this still happens way too often that like someone is talking and like wait, if we do it like this. 
Sorry, this was pretty good. It's just like, come on, we ain't 12 years old anymore, we don't need to be... 
Yeah, interrupting each other. Amen, my Spanish brother. Alhamdulillah. 
Yeah. We did not hold it to the Wednesday deadline. We had this idea of the Wednesday deadline to merge. I think we skipped it because we didn't finish our sprint properly last week. 
And then... Yeah, fuck it. 
You know what I was running for? You know, so basically like in the same sprint we were a few days, basically we were in the same in the stills. We stand previous but you know I feel like we're sometimes missing out on accountability, like to what you said. That You know for me it was always okay to like not have it completely finished No big deal. I wouldn't say it was okay, but it was like... More accepted, you know? And it wasn't okay, but it was like, you know, We're gonna present anyways and No one was really there to say like, why didn't you finish it? Probably. And for me it was a I would have appreciated.. A little bit more when we would have been a little bit rougher to each other Because in the end it was my laziness because I was like I'm working on the same stuff For like the whole time because like since being at like Loading Vicious I was like a different Reason behind it is that one partner got like board of it to be precise But then today in the presentation, Like there was a profile page, you know, and I was like, Then why did I do my stuff, you know? Okay, that's my stuff. I can't build even presentations. Evening, President Trump. I'd like you to, as I said in the presentation, like, Hey. I would have preferred if you would have just called me out and said like, he didn't do, he didn't finish it last week. 
Yeah, I would have. I would be a little bit snarky at you, but I would prefer it. What I can pull? - Thank you. No, you don't have to think like this about me. - You're a big strong man. Cheap. 
Yeah, I mean... What's the size of the planet right now? I think we discussed that. Do we have any other things that we want to present? Such movies say, okay This is where issues we had with each other maybe. Maybe if there's nothing, then there's nothing. And... Maybe talk about the skirt session a little bit. 
Like I mean we talked about it with audio chief today because we went here obviously. But it will still be nice. We'll have an eighth. The exam. The assessment. 
So I'm going to start. What were your issues with me? Be open about every small thing. Of course, some things I can't change and probably won't change, but... Do you have a question? 
Sometimes you took too much time to complete something. It was basically Almost everything. 
Sometimes, like, yeah, I think you could have been faster, but like. That's up to me. You can disagree with me. - No. - But that's my opinion. But for the rest you did a good job with the agile management. This is crowd management, so Yeah. The stuff that you did, actually, the backend and the profile page, they are working and they are really cool. They are important. 
So, yeah. Thank you very much. 
So. Get ready. 
Yeah, don't worry. Maybe I'm lacking some context. No, don't worry. 
So overall what you did was the initial setup of the backend and the changing profile info? No, and the register. Register. Register. 
Yeah, I forgot about this one. I'll be getting something. Okay, that is fine I think. 
Yeah, because we did the initial setup of the backend, like you set up the JWT thingy... I'm gonna... I really want... I know it took long with the backend, but it's... 
Like, I don't know, but I scrapped like two whole baggages implementation because the JWT was in the end Just from errors, so it's like, offered by cancel. Yes, it takes time, but... Thank you. That was for us. 
Yeah. Then after that you're working on the protocol, yeah? 
Yeah, it should be done. And now I'm working on an account. With like a delete lockout Yeah, then the only thing that maybe took too long for the counting Bless you all. 
Yeah, but yeah, I agree with Daniel that you're managing the agile making sure that we implement these practices Thank you. Do you have any feedback for me? Did you say... Did we say it's Leonardo everything? Do you have any... No, first me, I wanna get feedback from them and then we can go... 
Yeah. Humans like us because we said about you. Sorry. - Bye. I noticed that most of the time how it happened there was like a little domino effect but there was most of the time you were the one that like got You know, it is all too hyperactive and then it like, you know, it's then I, then Willem, and then it like works like a domino, but... I don't know, sometimes you just can't help yourself. Understandable... One time like with the room meeting with Mr Van Ham when we were sitting in the business thing and we were talking about agile processors I felt like you kind of like, we were talking about it and you said like, "Yeah." Some of us like really just wanted to continue with it and you just like looked at me like this and you were like kind of putting me on the spot and I'm like, "Bro!" No, it wasn't meant in a negative way but I still remember you sitting like... I just like literally... 
Yeah, but it wasn't only me. Yeah, I know but you were like... Daniel, but you were like Do you have to do it? In my head I was like directly this crowd. I was like, man. 
Yeah, okay. But like... But see, the positive field, we're finding out about the SES skills. Thank you. But for the rest... Thank you. Thank you. Willem? No comment. - Yes. If any. Loving Nothing comes to mind the only thing that comes to mind is the Rubik's Cube thing. Yeah, that one. That's something I did myself and Willem did as well. 
Well, this is a Rubik's Cube thing. Yeah, that's a good one. 
Yeah, I remember like once I was like, yo, this guy like he's not finished with his feature and he's doing the ruby cube. I was like, yo, what? Can I do that too? Where is it? Go for it. More stress, where was the point? You want somewhere that we need more stress Yeah, here. Reasonable amount of stress. I was the only one worried. Okay, so then we're done with the yeah, who's next? Clockwise? Clockwise. 
Well, yeah. So now we'll be talking about... By the way, do you have anything to say about yourself? Should we do self-profession? Yeah, about yourself. I can do it, yeah. I really try to work hard on my management skills, that we hold it on to, that we stay on track. Of course it's a little bit hard when you are hyperactive yourself. But I think I tried my best. Regarding my work ethic... I do feel like everyone understood that I will do the management side than the programming side. I feel like I did a good job programming Especially like I'm really part of the profile page if it works 100% I would just have to test out but I hope it works. I think it would be my magnum opus of this project Yes, I took a long time for stuff, especially like this thing I do for four weeks now. 3-4 weeks Fair enough, I didn't work on it last week really much, but it's still there... It should have been done easier and should have come to help. Easier and you know I'm sorry. No worries, we all are improving. Stay with them. 
So. I can begin? Yep. Okay. 
So... Overall, like... I'm kinda concerned with the overall feature work done. 
Yeah, I want to warn you, now I will sound mean and harsh. No, go for it man. I'd rather be mean than untruthful. No, but just want to be clear because I just said it. 
Yeah. So I'm overall concerned with the whole productivity. 
So throughout the project you did the profile thinking, that was good, you worked. What else is there? Yet of work, but then you're still working on the admin. There's one and a half features throughout the project. But what did you do before profile? He was doing the initial version of it. No, but before that I don't know, I think like map. No. Good thing about it? Because we did that together back then, remember? 
Yeah. That's all we did before. Because if you remember, there's 14, so 10, there's five sprints. 
So I spent two sprints on the profile page. I spent now one sprint on this one. One sprint I didn't get anything and then the one sprint was with the map. I'm going to be, if I, I'm going to continue. I think you're a great team. Colleague, partner, I really enjoyed it and like the you know, you and Raul are really Like I think I couldn't think of you two without each other because you're like a ying and yang, you know like he wants like yeah, no, but he's like We shouldn't not be so hard on the rules and we're like, motherfucker, you know, I'm gonna put you in prison. 
You know? And I really appreciated this. Of course you didn't do ...as many features as, I don't know, you? But I think the-- Account settings page still exists because I took over like how you approached it of course I've tweaked it to be more like me And but the grand idea of, and I think you did the coloring, right? Like the profile page. 
Yeah, the design he made. Yeah, but there's like this coloring thing. 
Yeah, the color scheme. Yeah, this is like really cool. Now it's dressed at 100%. Because it's really cool... 
I mean, could have done more, yeah, didn't we give you like an excess for one sprint? Yeah, as well, so... But generally I think even the profile page is really great and the account admin page I just think that you have this whole thing already is really cool. Of course, it's like... Is functionality 100% Bud. Just having an app already is cool and you have a backend connection, you have business logic So yeah. Because-- No, you can't. You should-- Sorry, I interrupted. No, you shall talk. Did you finish? 
Yeah. Yeah, so, well, your productivity, like I think could have been done a bit more. And in general... Fuck this is my... I'm only concerned but for the rest, yeah, you've been a great team player. 
So perspective and Really honest during the Agile activities, like retrospectives, I think I've been the most honest out of - Us all. And yeah, I mean... And yeah, that's it for me. Rolls and John. 
During the project, I could kind of agree like Yes, you could have done more. And-- 
This is It is worth saying. This is the only day I can think of. Maybe I'm just like thinking about this wrong because... Don't think so. 
Like during the... Like the Agile things. Yes, you were very interactive with everything and You have a lot to see. But like sometimes, maybe this is just how I sometimes felt like You have a lot to say about someone else's work Like some other ideas? Funding. In the end you didn't do that much yourself so it would be like Yeah, I don't know how I would... Kind of yeah Fun. Maybe it's just like *laughs* Because in the end, of course, everyone has to be interacted with in the club, in the Agile Hall. 
So of course the opinion is needed. So maybe that's just me overthinking it. No, I agree with you. In that case, I agree. I can't be quite the same. 
So for yourself? First time. Cheap. Big boy. You have something to say for- you have to say something to give willing feedback. Just the same advice that I have for myself. A little bit more. Yes in productivity. Thank you. I didn't hear anything. Today That I'd... Disagree with... 
Yeah, I should have been more productive with my time. As we sometimes say at work, you can work, Very hard, but if you don't work efficient, you know The hours are still lost. I think I spent a lot of time Not working efficient and wasting time Not just by fucking around, but I mean like... The actual working time that I spend just Who's the best man more efficient? - And properly your sorry. I was saying that the time that I spent actually working so even outside the time I was just screwing around.. I often went too quickly into the implementing without first thinking about how I would implement something And so I've had to redo 90% of my code. 
Like, I don't think there is a single line of code that I've written once and just immediately like, and that never changed again. That's not true, but you know what I mean. I think That's... 
Yeah. I should be more critical of myself And these things. Not so much as you but. 
The commitment is in this book. I have one thing which is I don't know what to say, so I'll just say no for everyone. I would appreciate it. If you try to be like as Like... When having these issues about me, please be as painfully and like mean, honest as I am. Because that, I don't know, that's just, For me, the nicest way to get that sort of thing. 
Yeah, that's it. Hello? - you want to talk? You want to talk? - Thank you. 
So. I think, yeah, the first one we started the project. I remember Okay, so what do I do now? - Feels like, okay, what do you think? Then I just like went to when you pay with the tool and make it flat. And I was like, OK, here we go. 
And then he was like, OK, that's good. So it was working. 
And then I think, were you done with that? And then you had some problems? I think 50% of the future was done And then we do the jibber and I have performance with that. - you Maybe over-rope it. If you don't know what to do, you'll reach out to someone. That's good. But maybe just Try it a bit more, but still learn it yourself. But still, if you don't manage that, it's good that you reached out. I'm really thankful for you that you did reach out, because now I have the features to help learn in STEM. Overall, if you're confused, I know that you tend to - They... A bamboozle? - But that's a good thing that you eventually reached out. That's it. A small comment that your productivity was more or less fine. 
Sometimes you *Bad English* The others called, which could, which would, yeah, I will come back to that. So, but like, yeah. Overall. 
Yeah, just... I would say you've been pretty honest during the retrospective, you've given your ideas. - of just That can be said about Valium. Guys, sometimes you need to be more... How do I say this correctly? 
So I think you can push your ideas and... Be more - Okay. More involved when blood you just need to push your ideas and you need to be And you're basically... Just push your ideas. That's it. I didn't really see that you're in the project. You Can I call for a second? Yes. Yes, pushing my ideas. All my ideas are now in the app. At least the badges and the challenges are all in there, so I don't really know what was missing. I think what he refers to is that you could push it more offensively, you know? 
Yeah, I think so. And this is where I want to... Okay. 
So my feedback for you is You have great ideas. I understand his point, but I like how you do it. You're a little more calm about it. While implementing it You are a thing we have greatly with like Giving out ideas like to Willem and Chief. 
You know about what can be done in the future? What I find interesting about it is because there's like a weird mix out of I sometimes feel like If we don't tell you what to do, you don't know what to do. And sometimes I feel like we don't need to tell you what you need to do. Because you are creative and inspiring enough to do it on your own, you know? And I think it's like an interesting duality. I don't want to Radiant efficiency, but you did work quite well. I feel like every sprint you had something to show. Whether it was complete or not. There's something I can't say for myself, so I aspire there. 
Yeah. Hello? The... My The only issue that I have What's that one? 
So time should problems which are So All over the level. You would. Always the media out of the tornado. But then there were been a couple of times when Leonardo was Working on something? He was not immediately available to help. I guess you have many happens on the house. 
And then whenever I try to Like common technique of it. You would. I guess not. Except my help and instead just want to wait for Leonardo and just be Just working on it yourself with like a copilot trying to fix it every time. 
Yeah. Yeah, I could understand how that made you feel. You don't think Bye. Can help, you know? I agree with him. It could have been a little bit more Easygoing, I guess, that would be-- at least, like, that. Okay, go go! Yes. Raul? Yes. Were you scrolling the phone now, Vukov? Google what did I say? What was my Something about the digital exam. What about digital exam? 
Yeah, but not about digital exams. Guys, please focus. Okay. Hey, Roku, be back to Rose. You're probably the I - To say anything about Peace. That's gay gifs, alright? No more credos. No, more gay gifs. What did you say about me? That's all I have to say for you. You have to hold tight. You struggled at the beginning. Alright Understood. Thanks. 
So, I don't know what to say about you. You did the whole journey, man. 
Personally, I think I still could have done more when it comes to like commenting more often Having like these using like the weekly updates channel Or like, just... Being more active, I would say. And maybe offering my opinion to others - So often. And maybe... But there are not like major issues Yeah, but still, like... They could still be improved. 
Yeah. And life My true understanding of the code I know a general flow, but personally I still feel like myself, I could have -Fanboy time. Thank you. I'm not understanding it more. Say something about that at the end as well. - *cough* I think it's Julian, I don't know. Or is it me? I think it's Chief. Chief? Okay, we'll go. Who wants to stop? Okay, I will start. Okay. -Move up. I'm sorry? Now I will be mean. No, I always say that I will be mean and probably does not sound mean. I want you to be mean. But now I will sound mean. I really want you to warn about Because. I think, like, I had a lot of talks with you because I saw that you were struggling. I tried to help you navigate, to get a better understanding of the code, to get further with your teacher. And We stopped like that. Even like, remember we had this session with, where we're going through the details of some friend's code or profile's code, I don't know, just to get some like... Techniques that you can use for yourself. And personally, Well, I kind of felt responsible for making sure that you have everything that you have to pass. And I feel kind of sad because I think that me and the rest of us did what we could But then you just didn't pull the trigger, no? It's like we gave you everything we could, we helped you as much as possible, But then it just... Didn't get the work done Because I think like the review flags, what is like for the past two sprints already? And I was checking. It's two and a half sprints. 
Yeah, and I've been checking I'm sorry, I've been checking your commits. And they did do it. And latest one. The latest ones I saw were just like defining the data class and just some basic like fundamental methods. There was nothing like this. For the work. And I really am worried, like, what will you write in your portfolio? Because you were working like a Because like, I get that you're working on login and renege with register But It seemed like because you had like for the past two sessions, maybe you were scared of it. No, not right now. Not right now. Where did you go to leave? We don't know. We don't know when we leave. We don't know when we will leave. It's the last session we'll have. Thanks. It's the last session of the book. We need to get it done. Hey man, no is no. 
So goodbye. See ya. I'm really worried what you write in your portfolio because, well, essentially it's like you're working on a register What? 
Well, let's go look. And then you try to do it on your own, and then I remember Daniel could fix it in one day or something? And it still took like a week or two to realize that it's not gonna work out And then after we gave you like the other use case which could work Then you felt confident in not doing this, but in the significance of this use case. And what you were saying to 1.com, is that you feel like your use case is useless. But even though... The most I struggled with doing this whole project was really much stuff. But I get it, we have our different areas to improve and stuff. - Yeah, and that's like how it would seem like if like you had an important use case like login we needed like for the whole app to work But we couldn't have it. 
So therefore, like, I'm not saying that you got the use case because of the productivity, but I'm saying that if We were, for example, to give an important use case, which we all need for our use cases to work. Then probably we wouldn't be able to do it. Because the login took like a month or two months? 
And then your now use case, which you were doing, is-- Yes, still in progress I think. Doing this report, I was trying to make myself understand, it was like 20% done and even AI said that the feature is at risk of not being able to be completed. 
Yeah. Go. 
So my only comment is productivity. I mean, I was I did cause you some issues with login. I take the blame for it. He should come to the microphone. 
Yeah, so... So, yeah, I would say that the only comment is productivity, yeah, but I was I did cause some issues with the login. I get that it was not intentional. 
Yeah, that was clearly my fault. The only comment is the productivity. 
I mean, this caused most of the issues. This is Yeah, and basically, like, I mean for the rest? 
Yeah, you... Yeah, you impacted a lot in terms of retrospectives. You had some good points. You pushed your ideas and from an Agile perspective, You did really well. I really like to work with you in terms of like when it comes to agile activities. And yeah, that's it. 
So for me, I don't think there's much to be said anymore. I do feel I feel that you're less at risk than Leonardo does because I feel like in the end they want to see that you learn something. I do feel that you spend a lot of time You know, working and learning, but I feel like What you could have What other this is Not equivalent, you know, like, I feel like you spend a lot of time, you know, learning and researching but Your end result is It's like learning for two months. Essentially not present. Yes, and this is where I feel like I have to... Go exactly where he goes. I know that you understand it. 
Well, there's a difference between understanding and implementation. And I feel like you like the second part... But I do feel that you are aware of that. Whether this is good or bad is to be decided But I feel like you know that you could do more and I feel like you want to do more. I just don't know why you're not doing more. It's just my stupidity. But when we... But when we continue now, it's like Every sprint planning with you was really fun. You had some good influence I feel like. When I was more like well set, more like hyper energetic and everything, you were like You know the stone at the ocean? A... A rock in the fire! Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to say, but I didn't understand English. What? No, I just didn't understand anything. 
Yeah. But the planning with you was fun. Generally all meetings and all kind of Agile principles It was very enjoyable I feel like What you created was Well, you know, there's not a lot, but what there was okay, I feel like. Yeah. My Pug. - Hello? I feel that it has to be said. Just repeat it and be double mean. My only thing And Forgive me if this has been said already because I have not been fully paying attention but it is that.. This is something that I already talked to you about, Leonardo. Did you already talk to him? It was... It is basically... A very similar issue that I had with Leonardo that we already talked about earlier today, but I'll say it to you. 
So I think you're very honest. For the school year or the semester, we have the 30 credits. That's 36 hours that we shoot in total spat on school. 10 of those credits for 12 hours a week. Should be sped on project And I did not I mean. I reset Like some weeks. I think the comics are quite a bit over. But I don't... Feel Like you... Succeeded in this in like any week So it is no issue necessarily for me, but it's just something to - Keep in mind because I think in later projects and stuff, this will... Get more required to really like put in this effort But overall, You're a good guy. The feedback is just project wise, it does not mean you're a bad or good person Honestly, I mean the general consensus I can already take from this Like, as a team member I'm... 
Totally fine and nice to work with and as a developer I'm a dox because I'm not committing time. Do you roll? Pretty much. 
I mean, I have that feeling myself already, so... Okay, roll. - Can you hear me? No. No, I don't think any of it. Let me come a little closer. Wait, now Raul will say it, because he's playing. Okay, so, the only thing that really bothered me once So you were a little confused on what use case you should do or what you should even be doing now? 
So I said like a couple of ideas with like a level or shop system which was still like Halfway enough. Things to implement so you would have like some front-end, some back-end, some API Isn't Rene recording? 
Some API but then you would I think you said like yeah these are all options but it all sounds like a nothing burger to me and I was like damn No, like I didn't really know what to Like, how to help you out Like, who? What's the point? I had a clear vision, let's say, and I had that Kind of vision. ...in order to accept anything. 
So I get why that... Yeah. 
Yeah. Yeah, I mean it wasn't that I was... I can be quite stubborn that this is true. - Yes. I need to fix the issue But I mean yeah, as the rest already said, for Agile and the rest it was all fine. 
Yeah, that's the only thing. I hope not just in agile but as a team member. 
Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Same, maybe I was saying just like things to improve, but I want to agree with everyone that you indeed were a good team member, following Adra, helping out with this stuff. 
So... - If I had more implementation I would have helped out more with You guys implementing stuff, but obviously since I couldn't get my own ass up to my own shit, right? I couldn't even help you guys, so... Okay, so what, can you say something either summary for yourself or what do you think about it? Why not as inwards? You Can you say the finalizing words for yourself? I kinda get the random Five to ten minutes ago. I need to work on my commitment as a developer. And your self-confidence. That's so huge. I always felt like... I'm a good team member Good. 
Like I've thrown ideas, I try to give everyone Like. Lead the group in a background kind of way. Give every perspective, you know, and Get into mind, alright After all, to consider this or not and let the whole group decide Then nonetheless, right, I never was like, okay, we should do exactly this way. But yeah, my commitment for the My own use cases or implementing for just Getting my shit done, obviously was Horrendous, terrible, I don't know. Just on a horrible world and it will probably work out. No, that's... I believe you I believe something different because I don't want to believe That you're a whole Teamwork, I believe. That the lack of commitment you show is Because of The way you see yourself in a team, you know? 
Like working with you was great. But I've seen that you have a really low self-confidence. And the way you interpret what you do And... Is negatively in the basics. For example, I still remember that some issues.. In the beginning where I was like, " I don't know if I want to talk about it and stuff like this." But it's like, why shouldn't you talk about it? Your word deserves to be heard. And as I once read, The root of self-confidence lies in self-interpretation. And I think if you interpret too much, like I don't know, self-interpret like a lot of things negative like yesterday I Texas Leonardo and he was like really short and I In my head I thought it was like because he's a Because he because I did something wrong but You know, why should I have done something wrong? 
You know, just ask him for help. Okay, maybe it was the wrong time, but in itself it's not wrong. And to just think that it's wrong because You didn't expect this kind of answer, this reaction is not always right. 
So what I would like you to do is Be more positive about you. Because You should be. Thank you. One, two, three. You're so lax, how's this team? It's just This you No, I'm joking. Okay. 
So you can start with me. So Daniel first. 
Sorry, just. Yes, you shouldn't be that stressed. 
Like I would say with a The point is that we've got... I cannot hear. 
Yeah. Can you like when you talk like get closer to the level? 
Yeah, okay. So yeah, the first comment is that less stress Hello! You need to... I was in the unit Not confident, just less stress and... 
Yeah, some Yeah, that's the first comment and I would say occasionally there were situations up to me And you..... We were doing some additional and unnecessary job So, yeah, which of course I appreciate, but... Thank you. I would say Those two are just my only negative pockets. Besides Claude Yeah, but for the rest I mean... Insane amount of job, insane amount of code And most importantly, inside amount of the job that No one wants to do merging and devops That's such a pain in the ass and no one wants to get into that, so respect for doing this... Respect for blood, sorry Yeah, I was using it. Yes, so just general comment, less stress. You need to remember that we are in the team with... We are a skilled team and we... We're going to finish this project and we're going to win this contest anyway. 
Yeah, that's why you're just less stressed. That's what I'm going to call it. Thank you. Yeah. 
So for the stress, yeah, maybe it's fair, but maybe I was confused, because I was maybe like a product owner. - So that means I can carry on responsibility for the product, right? Or am I wrong in terminology? Product owner is like you're more responsible for the GitHub. For like the... For work. 
Yeah. Because it's... What you're supposed to do is you're supposed to be there and say, Okay, this is what we want to do. Why isn't it finished? How can we finish it? Of course you should care a little bit more about what is the product, of course. But it's still not your responsibility. I think responsibility management is something the- You should focus on a little bit more. 
Like, I think you made a lot of stress about stuff that you shouldn't be stressed about because it's... Not yours directly, to formulate it correctly. And.. 
I mean we didn't have a team lead to do the stuff that you did so... So I would say if we had this then like... I'll be chill. If there was someone who would be responsible then okay. But I felt that there was no one responsible, so I had to take responsibility. Yes, sir. 
I mean, we tried to change it in the end where we said let's make it as a group on Wednesdays, but... - But then for the stress, yeah, that's fair. And again, if there was some team leader who would just tell me, "Okay, do this feature and you're done." I'm like, "Okay." Thank you. Ready to do it sir? Clapping your hands being like "Yay!" But then I remember there were a few occasions where I think this stress was necessary. If it wasn't for my stress, I think it's subjective, it would be kind of cooked. Because For the first presentation, we can come at you later on. Because, for example, for that depth range which we had, It was not working because we could register with just one, two, three emails It will still pass. But then we would enter the app, it was not worth because we were unauthorized. And there were some bug fixes and a sort of code, a group of low inconsistencies. 
So I think if I didn't spend, if I didn't get stressed about it, if I didn't spend more time on it would show much worse project. We had a good project, it just needed to be merged and just fixed and published. Right before the presentation. 
Yeah, I would say, I mean, I still think that those presentations are or just Peace. They don't have influence anything, and basically we would have done that a bit later. 
Yeah, but like yeah, so Bye. Even if the presentation was never like, it never was graded or it was never said that it would be taken with you. Chief, can you hear me? Google, can you hear all? Give me a boom. Let's just put that together. 
Yeah, I'll set like that. I think that we'll be fine. Maybe just like here? 
Like... So for the presentation, I know they were never meant to have a raid or like to... He's done you. He has to go to the toilet. 
Yeah, I think so. Yeah. - Do I wait? I think so, right? Because it's kind of a blank to me, Daniel. Because he's gonna finish it. 
Yeah. Now we wait, I need to have my phone, though. - Papa is on tap. Now I'm trying to go see *laughs* You're not talking about me anymore, right? Wait, did you even hear what we were saying for the past five minutes or no? My god. Bro! I have a new problem. I have a new problem with you, man. My god, wait a minute. This is awesome. He's defending. Good night. Next canchu! - Is this going from the phone? - No, it's cancelled. No, it's cancellation. - Is it off? - Yeah, it's off. - It was already hard to hear, to be honest. Wait, go to... Dude! Yeah, seriously. Go to shopping? Hello. 
Like this is my stand-off mic, which is in the laptop. What is this? It's the loudness of the output sound. But this is the input sound. That's the output volume and that's the input volume. 
So it's max. For example, how well can you hear me now speaking? You are fine. Okay, Willem, try to say some phrase. We just wanted to test how people... Hello, my name is Leonardo. I am the gay Russian guy. What did he say right now? First half of the sentence, okay. Good morning, my name is Leon. Please tell us if you don't hear it because it's the last meeting we'll have, well, skill successful, but it will be a short one. - You're an emperor. - Yeah, bro. The thing about the presentations Like they were never meant for a grave But like you have to imagine it still leaves an impact on like the coaches to see how your group is doing. 
Like say we would have like... We would have been laughing back at the average Polish fit, you know, and the wide feet and the sweatpants, and we would have shown a picture of Jamal only, like, bro. Of course, it would leave a different impact on at least a working app. 
So it would still be like... Yes, it doesn't matter when it comes to like a direct grade. But it's still impacts the coaches on how you get looked at as a group? - Yeah, I was all about that. 
I mean, I would say it's just a large, it's just a broad topic to discuss. I mean, I have my opinion and I will stand for it, but I don't want to... Boom. - Say that. Yes, I think you made a lot of stress. Of course you have to make big leaps. This has to be acknowledged. 
So what? Leonardo, you made the big I think he stressed way too much. 
Well, not too much, but... He's sometimes overstressed, you know? I feel like he gets closer and closer to a burnout, you know? 
Like, this is burnout path level work. My god. And the Yes. And... Of course it helped us make leaps in our work. 
So how far we got? And two, three. Bye. How far we got and the Amen. 
Well, And I really liked it. I think you used too much AI. Because I sometimes feel like you sacrificed the learning process for the result. Forgetting that the teachers care more about the learning process than the result. 
You know? I still have to acknowledge that you know a lot about the stuff you wrote. And I think the most important thing is You were of great help to everyone? I think you sometimes over helped if this is even the case. I sometimes feel like People, while they came to you, then... Really try to fix it themselves Which speaks of your Which speaks of you because it means that they trust you so much. And in a way that they feel like they would learn more when going with you. It's a double edged sword. Because I feel like they can really fast get dependent on you. Which is of course, depending on what you want to do, really nice. But generally I have to say you did a lot of work. As your own self grazing Website said you did the most commits You were the only one of excellence, so we're all proud of you. I think there is not much to be said now, right? Either one I'll be right back. Me? You said it. And no, I still like... 
Sorry... I personally think your stress was more than justified. I... Justified. 
So it was correct to have that much stress about it. Because Loki, I think if you were not like... Going like, okay, we need to have this. Okay, guys, let's do this agile. Let's start this daily stand-up. Let's do this. 
Like, you were like the... The starting flame, I don't know how to call it, but like... 
Yeah, I don't think like We would have not gotten as far. If you didn't stress this much But like, It is true you should have tried to put more stress on us instead of yourself. And yeah, that would... It would be more like a little bit more difficult because you have to confront someone more often, but... Personally, I say that It's... *Badass music* It was a good amount. Just to fight to have this amount of stress for this project, I would say. Yes. I disagree that it was only Leonardo. 
I mean, the stand-ups and the Agile activities, it was not only Leonardo. And I would say you need to... You didn't acknowledge that it was me, it was Rene, it was you to a certain extent. 
I mean, you... - You just, you say it like, I mean, yeah, we appreciate Leonardo's work, but you tried to say that if not Leonardo, we would have been booked, which is not true. No, it's not like that. 
I mean, when it comes to the agile, It's.. Thanks. Speaking of Agile, I mean, speaking of Agile, it was not only Leonardo. It was, I mean, I can't say about myself that I pushed the stand-ups, some retrospective, I tried to initialize some things. 
So in terms of agile, I wouldn't say that there was a certain favorite or like a certain person who would push all the stuff. I would say we all did. We almost did all the job equally. 
So in terms of agile, You cannot emphasize a certain person only. So that's why I... 
Yeah, I appreciate Leonardo's job in terms of Agile, and I appreciate everyone's job in terms of Agile, but it doesn't mean that it was all done by Leonardo and we were just following the orders. Yeah, no, now that you say it, I think I agree with that all. No, I agree with you actually. Just like... 
Yeah. Yeah, I agree. 
Yeah, and this doesn't mean that Leonardo's impact was less critical. No, but I still think we can all agree that he did the most when it comes to the application itself. 
Yeah, in terms of application, the biggest achievement is the... This dirty joke, the dirty joke, this... DevOps job. That's my comment. 
So, what else? I think so. 
You Chief, you may go first with giving feedback to Leonardo. Hey! - He looks like a goose. Have you seen this? 
Like when they look at you like... *sniff* Hugo, be happy with me. 
So who first, me or... You! You are Hugo, man. - Dressed was I mean... I'm the one that's stressing out about everything so Obviously I'm with you When I'm saying... I think your stress was appropriate. Presentable states. I think that's the main goal that you... Followed whenever you were touching Death more than you should have. Or what felt to you like you should have? 
I lost that. I can only give you the same advice that the others gave you. Don't overwork yourself because you're about to a little bit much more than you needed to, that is true. Even though you kept it in a presentable state It's okay to have flaws in your presentation. That's the thing. Outside of that. 
You're a great team member, you know that? I know that. The others know that. 
Well... Yo. I agree. - The boss man, Mr. Blackman... However, I did Like we already talked about today. *Buzzing* I think you just touched too much. Too many hours? - You're charging it backwards? This how the How you're supposed to do it. I Do you like your stress? What? Over and out. But I think this might have to do with cum Welcome youuu Feeling like the presentation And we talked here today We're more like an actual assessment Avengers. - A special presentation from Haleah Yorhatz Just another one of the... Agile moving. Enough time. And we already talked about - responsibility for you. You are your responsibility, we are not. Hey, bro. Am I the only one that's like He finds the amount of stress he had for the project, just like a correct amount. I feel like a weird mix in between because on the one hand I'm... I really appreciated that you had the amount of stress, but on the other hand, If you tell me you had, you know, you still were awake several days in a row till like 2 a.m., You know, when I message you in the evening, there's not a day where you say... There's no limit for you know? And it's not that I say you didn't work on it hard enough, you didn't care enough, it's like I feel like you sacrificed yourself for the project. This is what I think we both talk about. 
Like for example yesterday, I knew I had the arrow. But I worked on it the whole day and I was like, if I work now, it's going to be just a shit morning. Okay, stop. And I think this is at least something for me that you should be working on. Thank you. 
So. So. And take care for the stress ones. You definitely are on point. I spent a lot of hours, a lot of time, a lot of resources dedicated to this project. And Because I thought if I want to stress about it, no one would. And let's be honest, no one did. Because I can even quote whatsapp messages like I was texting like on the presentation they're like guys okay so what do we show? Do we show main? Do we show dev? Homie god for the sake of the time That's all you mentioned, what's that thing? I believe it. 
Yeah, so this one. Yeah, like, here's what was in, like, So here it seemed to me like no one was really worried We were so like, death-washed and then it was like, no one would do anything. That's my pick fuck. I don't believe it. No, excuse me. First of the second. 
Yeah, that doesn't matter. So, I think if I didn't carry the stress, no one would carry it. 
That's why I kicked it. I wish the law was fighting like this. You're part of the group, once again. - And I really think -- The only way that could be distributed to everyone is to have what I call a reasonable amount of stress But maybe I did care too much what we had presented. Actual product and we learn There's Renee saying - I was using more AI You get, for example, more like feature stuff, rather than me understanding more of the details specifically. I think if I didn't hear this first, no one would hear it. May I disagree? Yes, please start with my answer. For the second part Yeah, I did use it. If I could go back, I would use it smarter. I still would use it because this tool just changed my life. I started paying for it. It was that good. Just a smarter approach would be better for this. I have more understanding, so if I'm done with the picture I can immediately explain. My mindset was that even people before using AI, the famous thing that we code until 2am, we get a lot of bugs, so my mindset was like, okay, I would still have it even if I didn't use AI, but I can just make faster iterations. I'm trying to fix the box But that's already something, and it's gross. 
Yeah. And what else? - I want to say about this that I think you will never escape this Between On the one side You are doing the good work and on the other side you are overworking or stressing too much Because it's inherently double-edged sword. Essentially You. I get the shit done, right? But you will because of that. Overwork yourself or stress too much and You could throw it the other way around because you do stress so much or worry so much you Get more done than the others. Essentially Or... More or more than you need to or Whatever you want. Call the threat. You just commit too much. That is always what comes with stressing too much And if it's good or bad, it's... Really in the eye of the beholder because It's kind of good that you... You Two rows. We did always have some kind of nice presentation for that. 
Thank you. You cannot make it just a balanced out thing. F***ing glitch. And her and by its nature. First of all, I think I have a lot of affairs. Maybe I was wrong but I thought no one would care if it's stressed otherwise, second one, you can just leave it. The second one, if I could go back, I would still use the Yabba Guru in a more smart way, more explainable. Third one. 
Well, low-key, I think that the I don't know if it's breaking, but I do think it helped you a lot. - The features of this game are shit dumb. And the dev ops thing that I was doing, I think should integrate you I think the most valuable thing from you stressing out so much was especially that you communicated though. *BEEP* and kind of kept the groups alive essentially on the virtual end. 
So I think this call turns WhatsApp would have been a lot quieter. Yes. You didn't constantly just write some kind of update? No. - I do it one. He doesn't want to get feedback, guys! Thanks for having me. Daniel, do you still have to get the food back for him? 
Yeah, I know. Yeah, right, you, right. 
Yeah. Okay... Is this the right start? 
Yeah. First of all, I would like to say, you have my... A very good amount of work done and completed with average print. I don't think You ever had nothing to show? You are... Very good, are we friends? You're very active and agile. And all the Rathford's practice stuff, we were very active in that. Ummm... Maybe one thing is you were too hasty with delivering. Because I remember like the first thing You have like the mop. - But yeah, like this, was it XML? - Yeah. - Yeah, you were too quick with already delivering it. 
So... Maybe tranquilo and then you could you know, take some more time with it. This is a good answer Sometimes a bad thing that you really like to discuss We love having discussions so You always like to get your points across and that's of course good. But I noticed sometimes, and this is not only for you, but like most of us, sometimes we spend like Too much. Discussion time or like Too little details or things that really didn't matter all that much. That's it. Good... Amen... The only thing I have to say to you Is that and this? It was way worse at the start than it is now... Is that... You were way too strong. Summer. To the point that it just felt like you weren't listening to it. For example, when we're talking about Use cases it was like Okay, we should... About what Enhancement Design was going to do, we were like, okay, we should do a little bit of... - And then we had basically all agreed on it and then we just heard from like behind us I'm just gonna do math. And that was at times a bit... That's annoying. But in general, Hi, happy birthday to you. For me, I'm gonna be honest. I was some people warned me about you and What? 
Yeah, that you... I prefer to Get your point across no matter what I was lucky that I Don't feel that way? I feel like you are A really sociable person, of course, as I said in the beginning we had to fight each other, like how do we work together, who is the other person. 
So I will never be mad about the beginning. I feel like right now you're.. How's it cold? You're impossible to not be in this group if you catch this compliment. I'm really happy that you're here. You did great work I feel like... But I think it's nice Whenever someone asked you were always ready to share what it was. And that's what we're gonna do really well. Thank you very much. Thank you... The only thing that I have to say is the hastiness at the beginning. This definitely improved a lot. And.. Seconds. Water. 
Yeah. Yo. The amount was definitely exceptional I feel like. The sign of Leonardo who did... A lot of Finish it essentially on the application I feel like you are the Person that second most to the application So far so... 
Yeah man, you definitely ...built some crazy velocity. 
Just work on the hastiness in the future and you're a golden developer. - Per se. Because working as a team member with you was... Absolutely fine. You were open about the changes. You heard the criticism. You improved upon it, so... Thank you. - First, then, I'll say things. Which part of me? 
And then I'll say things which I don't. So the first Yeah, but at the beginning sprint, where I was bothered, it's like, okay guys, let's do it with the map, let's do it with the map, let's do it with the map. Or just like going straight into implementation. Let's do implementation. 
Yeah, ready to implement it, just no matter what. And then... 
Yeah, we'll get beat about something with So when we were in this planning phase of how to distribute work and how to make it work for everyone, Like... It seemed like the focus was more on you having the research done, rather than us getting to know what to do and which direction to go. We understand that social I would do it myself. Just to get something to show. I had this mindset the whole time. 
Yeah. So... What interests me is that the first book I noticed that you wanted to show something - Mix it up with something, you have this one so far. Okay, we need to have to choose something to teach us. But then I crossed the project, in the middle, closer, and I was more on the fore. Okay, let's get something to show. We need to make sure everything is on show. 
And then you can focus on learning your goals, like your use cases. Which I could understand, but that was just an interesting mindset. I personally noticed that maybe wrong. I don't think you did the case. And you I think the rest of it, no problems at all. ...them with the things? 
Yeah nice to work with you. Really good to know you guys over there. At first, I didn't realize. Speaking back, the best way to implement some small stuff ... You're like You could explain your goal and the plan for solutions you So do you think? And.. I don't know how well I perform. - All right, Chris. It like the essential requirements, you have to get your closet in place, the camera, the mat. I felt like that. It's baby. Rope. I would really appreciate to add to that, you did this basically without any help. - Yeah, all the time. Very good. - Yeah, so well, I mean, like, The stubbornness and the beginning stage, the mountain and stuff, I mean, Yes, I'm a problem that I'm quite arrogant and I think that my ideas are 95% better than the others so that's why I'm gonna push my ideas because I think that they're gonna work better and.. 
Sometimes it's not true But I'll still I would still stick to this mindset. I mean, I've forgotten many of my ideas. And... 
Yeah, but like, especially... Especially towards the end, a general pattern about this project that I was really focused on my implementation That's why I had some... 
I mean, I think that I had some... Some good pieces of product, let's say, but I would say I could have helped Leonardo with DevOps or with general helping. I would say I was really, I was mostly focused on myself. And I was not really invited to participate in the others' implementations, let's say, but I think I could have. Could have pushed more from that perspective from the others or like this DevOps or this just general help. Let's say Yeah, about like I'm very happy to be here. Maybe To some extent I could have done better. That's it. 
Alright - Down somewhere or they will-- - It's all recorded. - It's recording. - okay. You One thing I forgot to say to Raul and to me Do you want it the nice way or just the... - Stop being. - A whiny pussy about Go changes, bro. Whenever... 
Like, for example, when I even like brought up like Yo, maybe change this... I might have to... No, like changing how the project structure was and moving the files around, random. You were like... I'm, Yes. - The session I have with Mr. Van den Haan I said like Yeah, we have difference. - sure, so maybe we should the same one It's kind of strange. 
Yeah, all I remember is that I said this one day and then you were like I think what it was like, I was like, Wasn't this in Project 2? Because I remember in Project 2 I was really bad with this. Now are you? This might be true, but I really just forgot about it then. Because I do remember myself saying to Mr. Van Ham, "Here we should all have the same front end for the structure." - Yeah, I mean, you said Chief? Leaf, yes. My line. 
So about the project structure Just... To be sure I'm not seeing something. You saw, alright... Hip not. Overworked structure, did we? No, but we were paying attention. Is this the truth? I'm so... The last comment of mine that's directed to Willem and Raul. 
Sorry for my editing. Sorry for my jokes and anecdotes. I think that's it, right? 
Yeah, probably. They could have been more funnier. Two hours closing now.
